#bees
"Now if that wasn't scary, let me do some more Michael Jackson scatting."
"Toad lore is always the best lore."
"I cannot blast it. Wow, this is a first."
"I'd rather my internet was down."
"Stop saying 'Yeah!', Toad. That's not cool."
"Toadally unplayable."
"If I corrupt this maybe it will work better."
"75% stream, 93% technical problems and 12% danks, dank stankies."
"You, of the mother of the fuck!"
"What is happening?! Where am I supposed to goo--oly shit!"
"Do I like memes? Yes. No. They'll never know."
"Mother of fuck."
"Don't do this to me! I'm only 13 years old!"
"Outrageously wacky and crazy accent!"
"I don't even know what I'm saying at this point. I just want to live."
"I just want to become one with the trucks in the air, in the sky, in the seas and the birds and the bees and the ... and the chickens."
"The problem with squatting is it's really hard to get back up."
"I'm being attacked by music."
"Fuck all of this."
"Piercing my hand with cone tits."
"There are no answers here. Only fight. Only shoot."
"I feel like I'm shitposting in stream form."
"Where does Luigi go when he rides on an egg over the ocean?"
"A silky smooth 4 frames a second."
"This is a new level of ..."
"Something unpredictable / but in the end it's right. / I hope the VOD was muted just in time."
"For some of you this stream will be torture. For many more of you this will be torture."
"Making trucks sentient was a mistake."
"Super. Truck. Super. Truck."
"In some cases riding the truck is more dangerous than jumping from truck to truck."
"Fun is a questionable modifier for this conversation."
"They need to do a shoot game with Frogger. Frog of Duty."
"Yeah! Let me annoy the fuck out of my viewers with horrendous noises."
"Don't tell me how to live my life. I'm a fucking hedgehog!"
"This may be in fact the last time you ever watch Vinesauce, so take a good look."
"Do you wanna make out or something?"
"The Toads don't love me. That's the main problem."
"They call me / Homer Simpson. / Got a little dimpson. / Gonna put it in your mouth."
"I forgive you. I take off your sins. You're now naked. With no sins and no clothes. You wish to continue? Yes or nos?"
"Just because you should, doesn't mean you should."
"VOD-mute this shit."
"Random gorilla for no reason."
"Edge before edge."
"Johnny Punchhead, John McPunch, John Punchfist and John Punchfuckyou."
"I want a theme song!"
"Music is everywhere. / Music is everywhere. / Music wants to be."
"I was trying to plant some dank may mays in that garden."
"What would you guys rather do? Doom or The Museum of Anything Goes?"
"No question is the better question."
"Just stock images of disco balls."
"Email me at this webzone if you don't like sleeping."
"I guess we're going back into baby space."
"If the traditional image of heaven is real ... I'll hang out with Moses I guess. No flying babies."
"I like the sound of cave drippings."
"For now I have to go back to the moon, I think."
"I can show you a pepperoni secret if you just give me a chance."
"I want this to end but the game keeps giving me lives."
"Why trust no one?!"
"I blame it on glitches."
"Two horse / beat as one."
"Only slightly more entertaining than a webcam placed on a busy street somewhere in Wyoming."
"I get requests all the time about Miku. Buff Miku."
"Take me to Skeleton Land, please."
"Vimesures."
"Murph. Murph!"
"Some pretty fucking sick clown music."
"We're friends now, right? So when do we get to reproduce?"
"Is that a friend? Dead? Dead friend?"
"I just became a stripper."
"It's just a talking baby. But it's just a talking baby and it's nasty."
"I'm a little hungover. Just gimme some time. I just need some time, Morty. Please!"
"Don't bring your kids!"
"Oh, look at that! Oh, it's getting fat. Look!"
"Double the Satans, double the pleasure."
"Can I use the machete on myself?"
"I'm not reading the fucking Bible on stream. That's just not happening."
"Burstin' makes me feel good."
"The human eye can't distinguish between 60 frames a second and 3 frames a second."
"I've never had less fun."
"Hit the balls for massive damage."
"There goes my throat."
"Fred Flinstone is now pregnant."
"A little bug?! It's a bug, dude! It's not gonna kill you unless it just kills you."
"This music makes me wanna fucking fist Santa."
"How close pain is to pleasure."
"The artefacts on that JPEG ... is so good. It's like someone put makeup on in a car."
"You should play my asatoroids gam."
"This is kirby.exe a.k.a. notavirus.exe."
"Don't trust anyone. Not even yourself."
"I say big words from time to time. I make up my own words the other half of the time. I say words wrong, like the other, all the time."
"How the fuck do I control my sperm?!"
"I heard it's just memes and trash."
"It's time for Very Good Driving, everyone."
"Uh oh. Kid was too close."
"This music. ... Gunshots and sirens."
"I'm ready to get emotional."
"I wanna wrestle. I wanna get emotional in the ring, everyone."
"Kind of - hot. Kind of - hot."
"Who's cucking who? The Potato Man? The Nose Man? The Nose Woman? Me?"
"Where did that disembodied Microsoft Sam come from?"
"I feel like it's 2011 again."
"Is this Slender with potatos?"
"I'm ready for sex. Hello?! He-- hello?"
"As we enter Potato Land we notice that technology exists."
"I didn't spend any money on that game but I feel like I want my money back."
"I have to find a Doodad."
"Pyramid is good. I'm a fan of pyramid. Pyramid - top quality, top-tits shape."
"4D hypercube? Woah! Mods! Mods, get on this. We gotta ban someone."
"5000 miles? Or would I have to walk 5000 more - to get 7 light seconds anywhere?"
"U fokin wot?"
"Obsessed with ducks."
"Stop talking about the duck! You're gonna give me a comequack."
"You can see my clown lips? Do you like them?"
"Please recycle. Please recycle. Nope. Shit!"
"We all know you can't mix good and bad memes."
"You know, I don't think I want my kids to really have freedom to swing. I want them to swing into my hedge."
"Over here is the bearable memes."
"Swing your Dinks from side to side."
"Adult Sized Babies."
"From side to side."
"K-Y-Ube."
"I'm bleeding on my son."
"This music never fails to amaze: gargles plus cat."
"Your mission as John Teddy Ear, Bear Marine: Kill the members of this town. Replace them with clones."
"The good news is I'm getting 1100 frames a second."
"Waluigi was the key to all this."
"Admit it. My slide whistle is the best Waluigi impression you've ever heard."
"I would not recommend using a tambourine for this game."
"The choicest of the voicest."
"Tinitus - The Musical."
"At this point I am just waggling."
"It's Spongefellow Squareman."
"One day I will get to the hole. One day."
"Yup, Bill Murray. That's right. Billy Murray will be joining me for corruptions."
"Sorry, I'm alright. I'm alright. My temper is in-- One! Another! One single green-- single mushroom!"
"I scooped it!"
"Nal Fantasy 6."
"I don't play Chess. I play real games like Jumanji 2."
"We have many lizards to crate."
"Endless hours of excitement of fun. Teaching babies how to climb."
"Alright, we're just gonna use the grapefruit."
"I had to give an ogre a bath, mom!"
"Video games were a bad idea. They were a mistake."
"I just want everything to stop and end here. I just want it all to end. Video games, Shrek, all of this. Everything."
"Grapefruit League."
"I am Yes, The Dinosaur Hunter."
"Meme City? Grapefruit Town?!"
"Yes."
"Just always say yes to everything. That's how you make friends & girlfriends & relationships & boyfriends & dog friends & cat friends."
"Have you ever had a summer so yes, you couldn't fucking handle it?"
"Get out. You're not allowed to compliment these games."
"I am John Papa, Pizza Marine."
"Remember the electric crowbar is only for donors."
"Thousands of happy customers get their pizzas transmitted to them. Daily."
"Hello, it's me David Bowie - David Bowie Rickman."
"Follow me up in space, Cement Mist-- Cement Mixer. What are you doing?"
"I also do a shitty Bender impression. I don't know if you know about that."
"It's really hard to get out of that small audience zone. Only through the power of memes can you escape that."
"That juicy lizard meat."
"Yo, that's a cool lizard. I wonder if it tastes good."
"Sometimes pizza is just in barrels."
"Bone. Bone acquired."
"Contrary to no one's belief, I actually really enjoy streaming a lot."
"This is viscosity low. Don't like it. I don't like it. That poor rabbit."
"I'm gonna show you now the filthiest tech demo you've seen in your life."
"Oh, I can make the spaghetti big."
"From pizza to pistol. I'm an expert assassin / pizza delivery man."
"With my new GTX 1080 I can run Half-Life 1 at a full 10,000 frames a second."
"Fresh pizzas daily. Fully formed."
"Is it OK to kill the customers?"
"Going to the pizza attic where all the secrets are held."
"What is this? Kids?! No, get them off my screen!"
"This is lower than Rock Bottom. This is Bikini Bottom."
"I don't know what's happening. I don't know what's happening. That was vaguely sexual."
"This is where they grind up the Tubbies and create the juicy Tubb Meat."
"I feel like I'm in Black Mesa, Doom Research Facility."
"Press pace Bar to tart."
"The MIDI game is fucking strong tonight."
"Guess what everyone, I did it. Sticky Keys is now off permanently. It's been many years but the time has finally come."
"Bon Jovi is married to someone named Anchovi."
"That sounds like some MIDIs I made. That's a good one."
"Who needs drones if you have this Lakitu technology?"
"The world can be one together."
"It's a struggle for 7th place."
"Yes, I am Vinny from Vinesauce. You may have seen me on the internet. Please fuck my face."
"I'll fight anyone of you in Smash Bros.! ... I'm not actually that great at Smash Bros. either."
"I think I just made that pig pregnant."
"I've seen enough porn to know where this is going."
"Super. It's fun to say that word. Super."
"So little to see, so little to do."
"Don't laugh at my jokes. It's bad for you."
"Escape! Escape! Delete!"
"Dude of Cally."
"I feel like Michael Jackson. I mean Michael Jordan. Who's the guy-- Air Jackson?"
"This is the greatest fockin' day of my day."
"Ah, that old familiar feeling of 7th place. Oh 8th?! Perfect! 9th? Even better."
"What do you mean you don't know what kind of titty gives life? It's the titty of life."
"Make it trend on twitter: #justgamerthings. Yeah!"
"Unsafe levels of demonic presence?! Are you fucking kidding me?!"
"Good hit. Good hit. Solid peperoni."
"Cut my life in two pizzas!"
"I'm here to just shoot."
"So this is a little indie game called Doom."
"Escape."
"Prepare your ears."
"Are we people or are we salt flats?"
"Hey bros. It's me, Funky Kong, and I know life can get a little bodacious from time to time."
"As I descend into madness, the corruptions reflect my mental state."
"So today I filmed a local Halloween event."
"Busting. And not just ghosts. Dat ectoplasm wasn't exactly ghosticular in nature."
"Watch kids fail at their motor skills."
"Learning how to be yourself with your old pal Vin."
"There's a dude with a head in the distance there. Is that Dude?"
"Sit back and relax and watch me become a beautiful butterfly."
"This game is called The Edge Of Edge."
"What's an anti-tentacle fetish? Is there a name for that?"
"Secretly I think, every piece of furniture at IKEA screams when you don't buy it."
"I ate tacos in Brooklyn because fuck everything."
"Scoot the burbs."
"Would play again. 1.2 out of 5."
"Build it out of boobs! Cause that's what we like as gamers. And Doritos!"
"The fundamental differences between the slug and the snail is the difference in the space between you and I."
"Tonight's trash was brought to you by Trash."
"I'm just waiting for there to be pizza, Jimmy's father and Jimmy's mother. ... These are the only things I know about Jimmy Neutron."
"Wow! Wow, these phys-- Hey! Yeah, go to space!"
"'You'll never vacation again.' /Vinny Vinesauce"
"I feel like I've been apologizing for this stream all day, but ... I'm not sorry."
"It was twenteen quid."
"Just a funny face and a butt."
"When a mommy M&M and a daddy M&M love each other very much, they crash into each other."
"anyone horny4bubsy"
"We're getting hot. We're getting edged. We're getting hot edged."
"Are video games even fun anymore? I don't know."
"I don't eat. I'm actually just an AI that streams, exists somewhere in the internet."
"I can't stand the letter U."
"I have willpower. I have self control, I swear."
"Exclusive frotage."
"This is a world of throat clearing and birds."
"Barney Tub wants you to take a bath in it."
"I think I was just killed by the game's box art."
"A journey through my own psychedelic ego."
"Now that I have canned laughter my life is complete."
"Vinesauce - Skip everything."
"Welcome to skeleton gym."
"In an attempt to get away from slug I jumped into a fucking lava pit. Go me."
"You don't win anything but you'll lose hearing."
"So I had a TV dinner tonight."
"I was in the mood for a TV dinner."
"Congratulations! You are not in the right position."
"Love. Love or fame. Don't do money. I got plenty of money."
"This is now truckception."
"I'm having an out-of-truck experience."
"First of all they're not chubby and they're not human."
"This make Douk want get hooker."
"If you've got a problem with that, talk to my lawyer. His name is Crenando, attorney at law."
"Shrek's back and this time he brought his friends for the ultimate kart racing adventure."
"If it's a bee you will bee removed from the stream."
"My two favorite things in life are broats and groats."
"Something tells me it's gonna get worse. ... Yup."
"I'm the modern day Snoop Dogg."
"Xbox 420. They just added backwards compatibility to Xbox One."
"Now please insert M&M's into your mouth for more DLC."
"Sometimes I slam and no clams get jammed."
"I don't play by any rules when I play Bridge Constructor."
"Wood physics."
"You saw how many hammers I unloaded into that guy. ... From head to toe. He was pregnant by the time I was done with him."
"Because I've lost control of my stream."
"Steel beams? Steel memes. More like it."
"Floppy."
"I left way too many things alive."
"Also pizza."
"This certainly fits the description of trash right away."
"This will be one of the top Twitch streams and it's just people watching something called 'Trash'. Good times."
"Hi everyone, be sure to check your prostate."
"Tell me about yourself, bartender. So that Douk may get to know."
"You know place? I know Douk. Douk Nouk Kem!"
"All of these ducks and not a single Scoot."
"Larry David has looked 68 for 20 years."
"In my yearbook I was voted least likely to have a hot dog stand. ... It's not a real story. Yea, for real though."
"I couldn't even squirt by. I couldn't even have a squirt. Not a single little squirt by."
"Eat a big, big, big massive one!"
"Drown the pain in Fruit Snacks."
"Finally I can be released from this meme hell."
"I'd like to officially and formally announce my retirement from video games and I'd like to blame RARE, of course, for this opportunity."
"My lizard begin to spit."
"Hank is the alter ego that comes out when I'm drinking. You know, usually dish soap."
"Shafts."
"We need pasta sauce to fix it."
"It's the strangest sensation. It's as if by reading the meme, I become engorged with pestilence."
"He told them to pronounce 'squirrel'. You wouldn't believe what happens next."
"I mean, seriously. Am I fucking this garbage at video games?! Am I fucking this garbage?!"
"Rated M for moist."
"Oh, that cheese died. It died for our sins. Rest in cheese."
"These are my people. They are good people. Beeple, if you will."
"Do you want me to love you long time?"
"I can see my body. That's half of the battle."
"Mothers of fuck. Mothers of each fuck."
"Great moves, DLC Simulator. Go fuck yourself!"
"Civilians? Fuck'em. I don't give a shit. I'm Baby."
"Don't you like the sound of clown horns?"
"Don't make the same mistakes I made when I was a young cat."
"One free panties."
"How many farts can be on the screen at the same time?"
"Any aliens in the chat, you might want to leave."
"If you find a prefab for a jet or spaceship or even just a texture, put it in your map. It improves the map quality 13%."
"I see computer consoles. I see a Hardon Collider."
"I've been hiding here for 13 hours without water, food or bathroom. ... And then shotgun applied directly to forehead."
"Did you submit your status report to the administrator today?"
"Being bald doesn't fix anything."
"Think of a fly on the wall that would just hear me speaking without knowing the context of the stream."
"I found my first toilet. Michael Jackson is gonna be so proud of me."
"My name Choot. I shoot shutgun."
"I swear to god, Reg. If this has anything to do with that guy who's in love with Pokémon, we're fucking done."
"Ralph Bluetawn is the only competition for sexiest walk."
"It's pronounced 'coomfardt'. It's slavic."
"I've got 7 problems and you're 5 of them."
"First advice is don't be a streamer."
"If you have a pickle that's uneaten, do not throw it in your garbage. I can't emphasize that enough. ... Throw it out your window."
"Peace and love! I threaten you with peace and love."
"I am Portal. That is my name. I can run. I can crouch. And I can shoot gun."
"I'm gonna honk ya."
"Trolls And Goblins for life."
"It's almost like I'm in the game. This plus Oculus Rift equals real piss."
"Gee, I look handsome today."
"Practicing my handshakes for work, for when I meet the Prime Minister."
"Ma'am, it's me! Let's get the porn started!"
"We don't want Metroid or F-Zero. We want Toad!"
"Good. I've become a bee-shroom. Excellent."
"This is all to get J. Lo crack."
"Come on! Fucking lick the cat!"
"Of course I'm gonna merge with bees. This is me we're talking about here."
"Vineswole is perfection."
"You guys want some free toolbars?"
"My character's name is..."
"I think I just threw a grenade on my neighbor's porch."
"This is my life now. That's all there is to it now. I'm a basketball player in a video game. That makes no sense."
"That is actually the back of my head. I fell so hard that the camera came out of my head and behind it it went."
"Oh no, Murph."
"I make the town safe ... from ... RP."
"Propane! Town square!"
"Listen, my homies. I tell you about the brown fist. / It go in so deep that you don't want to miss."
"This guy want me to rap about anal sex. I can do that."
"You go and see your lord and saviour Jesus Chrust. He slowly begin to take off your robe. Do you wish to continue? Yes or no?"
"The pizza goes down without much of a struggle but the lizard make you choke."
"Just come to the town square."
"I rub your bald head with my stun baton. You wish to continue? Yes or no?"
"Listen. I just want to RP with you. I make it hot. I make it very nice. You want to do this?"
"Come with me. I make it sexy for you."
"We made beesex trend as of just now on Google."
"Is the bee human-sized or am I bee-sized?"
"Did you know that there a few Vinesauce vidoes on PornHub? ... The crazy thing is the comments are more tolerable than ... on YouTube."
"OK, there's Picard memes in here. Oh god, and 'rub titties'!"
"It would be someone named Tucker, wouldn't it be?"
"Now I can just veg out on the couch and play video games while I play video games."
"Now it's just Meme Songs - The Stream."
"I'm here to kick ass and chew cum and I'm fresh out of cum."
"Morty, I need you to lick my balls. Quickly, Morty!"
"My headphones fell off from the velocity of that particular 'Eat a dick!'."
"I have many name. But my name, Douk, Dok Slocum. When I shoot, it squirm like toot-paste."
"I will never accept responsibility for a death in a video game. It's either my brain's fault or my body's fault. It can't be me."
"If you wanna know what I do, I eat pizza. So that's my credentials for reviewing games."
"Clowndoms. They're specifically what clowns use. They've got makeup on them."
"Pretty quality Fruit Roll-Ups. ... I was able to blow bubbles with the Fruit Roll-Ups."
"I'm gonna copyright a meme. Wish me luck everyone."
"This is Titty Simulator 2016."
"Dial 1 on your telephone if you think it'll be a good idea to stop streaming."
"I'm the first member of the DK Crew."
"Bartender, do you have the Turok shot?"
"Trip down memorarily lane."
"Fuck off, Shy Guy! Just because you're beautiful doesn't mean that you don't deserve to be shot in the fucking head."
"Gather around the Vinefire and let me explain you a thing."
"I have no neck."
"You blow into them and they extend. I don't know. What is that called?"
"That's how they discovered relativity. Einstein was a frog. And he sounded just like Slippy."
"My pizza has a little goatee."
"I like for my cobra to be Luigi."
"You guys like honking?"
"That Xbox Live voice chat is just a treat on christmas."
"You guys know about Speed Luigi?"
"Slimebabes in purgatory."
"I fought with speed and grace. Some might even say, I spought with feed."
"I seem to be leaking green piss..."
"So why is this sky ham and this sky egg yolk?"
"It sounds like Teletubbies being farted through a walkie-talkie, then being broadcast through an NES."
"Show this to someone who never played video games and they never will."
"You don't even need people in your house to have puke."
"This is why you shouldn't give Vinny alcohol when he's drawing."
"I mastered the art of sperms."
"Why is my legacy to draw disturbed emus?"
"Crackles are definitely your own problem."
"I'm obviously hitting puberty."
"The game does not have control over its volume. Much like a five-year-old."
"kolololol."
"I got cats, ducks and bears in this town. But not Scoot. Not best duck."
"Oh, sure. Guilt-trip me."
"What do you mean 'Why are there tissues'? A man needs tissues."
"I have lots of cool robot stuff. I am also a duck person."
"Nice life. Good game. Good stream, good game. Best streamer. 10 out of 10 streamer that Vinny, that Vinny guy. So good."
"Pizza in a drawer. Yes!"
"They didn't know how to make the game. So they made it into a sidescroller with a gun."
"That's either Santa in the throws of pleasure or Santa about to die. I'm not sure."
"I never had a Santa in me before."
"W-A-T-question mark."
"Sup, meme guys? How ya doin?"
"Don't be fooled, sheeple. Earth is cube. Accept cube. Love cube. Be the cube."
"Why are you watching a grown-ass man play video games on the internet?"
"I have many different types of incest. From all over the country. All over the country. I collect them. That's true."
"Use your imagination and pretend I'm saying interesting things."
"The most mediocre of the most mediocre."
"Trash commentary from Vinny."
"No more facts!"
"Let's see. '7.5 inches'. Alright. Well, I'm done reading the chat."
"If I don't get a blowjob from the General, from the General himself, after completing this, then it wasn't worth it."
"No one asks me to be a meme in a video game."
"Alright. Let's get moist."
"I've discovered since the very beginning that 80% of my audience just wants to see me fail at video games."
"This poor guy has been making Just Cause video for 30 years."
"There's no drowning in baseball!"
"I take back what I said on this being playable."
"Vinesauce is the best stream on the internet! Do not listen to anyone else! Do not watch anyone else! Only Vinesauce, please!"
"Why am I now jizzing on clowns?"
"I'm having some severe existential worries right now, while I'm filling tubs of varying degrees with bloody pee."
"Balls of solid piss."
"I can adjust how, like, forcefully my piss comes out."
"If you do not wish to view piss, you can leave."
"Inhale the memes and exhale them and say to yourself 'it's good to be free'. And there you go. You've done your meme yoga."
"We have memes, ladies and gentlemen. We finally have memes. Now you can all rest in-- rest easily."
"I don't understand how to amputate the hand."
"You have to figure out the story of why Turok fell in love with a dinosaur named Crystal."
"This is what will make him regendary."
"I think this might be a #beesex game."
"What is this music? What is this game? What is this life?"
"I don't think she's a virgin anymore."
"That's how I sleep too: my clawfingers fully extended."
"Please let me be baby this time."
"Doppler baby."
"Poopsauce Pidya."
"Daddy, please."
"I'm not calling you 'daddy'."
"Listen, it's fine. We're onto different thing-- We're doing memes now, OK?"
"I'm using this man's foot to launch myself further into heaven."
"Perpetual energy and motion has been achieved."
"Spidermank, Spidermank / does what spiders do when they're bored. / Spiders in / Spidermank."
"Menus are not a time for vibration."
"My official review of the first 30 minutes of the game is: Don't smoke. Don't be a joke."
"This is going to gross some of you out and make others very hungry."
"This is an emergency. Welcome to the building."
"You're on Vinesauce. You're looking for me to impress you?! Jeez."
"So this is a speedrun of DuLuDuBi Star."
"Final boss of the game, his name is Crenando. He is the pigman that Link fell in love with."
"There's a potion that needs to be got and then I can go get some 'Nando."
"I have to get meat first. Couldn't handle the bone zone."
"I'm a jabroni that plays games poorly on the internet and makes dumb noises and people watch."
"What if we did, like, a Twitch Plays Metal Gear Solid 3?"
"I'll hardwire my brain to the chat."
"Behind the scenes at Dell tech support."
"Hello? ... Little Timmy, this is little Vinny. I was wondering if you wanted to, uh, go on a meatball dance?"
"Every moment I live in fear of falling through the world."
"Also the name of the game is not Dr. Luigi."
"I got my spatula. This is what you use to get the Pizza Rolls good. And then you got tongs. This is how you grab the Pizza Rolls good."
"Smooth jazz will be deployed in 3 ... 2 ... 1."
"How many people watching me, hear me say 'good poop brownies' live on stream? 2200? I've clearly become way too comfortable streaming."
"I may not be the Muscle God but I'm buff and I've got manly bicep."
"Killed every enemy in a 2 mile radius. Stealth. What is it good for? Absolutely nothing."
"I'm posing. Here we go!"
"I will go to the top of the mountain and then I will commit Sudoku."
"I haven't had this much fun since I accidentally hit myself with a hammer."
"That is 100% Ninja Bread Man."
"I cannot tell the difference between a cow and a donkey, apparently. That's what I've learned today."
"General royalty-free music."
"Spectacular chest hair."
"Hangovers and insomnia; that's PAX."
"I have attained the rank of Desert Slug."
"No style. No grace."
"I would say your best bet is to play it yourself, because I will inevitably piss you off."
"The Hot Pocketing is so happening."
"I need to get the developer. I need to interview him but I'm pretty sure he doesn't know how to use a computer."
"It's time for Yoshi and cute things and me screaming at baby games."
"I'm gonna save Robotropolis from Dr. Robo Nick."
"You're listening to decade-old memes."
"Pizza pasta / in your mouth / come on it's time / to be a degenerate."
"I'm getting flashbacks to that one time with the clown. I don't like this."	
"His gun has entered his neck."
"I could play this and enjoy myself. But I cannot. I have to make myself suffer for this stream."
"No birds after cutscenes."
"For that price he seriously better give me, like, a furjob."
"Luigi, have I ever told you how sexy that hat makes your face look?"
"Get the Tingly!"
"'Don't touch yourself.' Yea. Seriously. Especially while I'm streaming. It's not a good time. You should know that better than this."
"Welcome to Abstraction - where everything is made of gold piss."
"You are your brain. Your brain is inside your skull. A skeleton isn't inside you. You are inside of a skeleton."
"Just fucking tell me how much you want, bitch. Excuse my misogyny."
"Rib Steak from a monkey."
"This is a 'no horses allowed' stream. From now on, horses are banned."
"What's wrong, America? Am I not manly enough for you? You don't want me to come?"
"Draw me like one of your French squids!"
"Guess what. I have teeth too."
"You are now aware of your kidney."
"Tingle Chance! Guys, let's take a chance with Uncle Tingle! Let Uncle Tingle touch you the way he touched my life."
"I have to get a tarot reading when I am out of body."
"I give love a bad name."
"What the hell?! I liked something tonight?!"
"I'm single and I am ready to tingle."
"Just doing my Tingle sounds."
"When a man loves an empty jar."
"Steamy Oil. You know. Two fat Tingles, oil. Rub our fat Tingles together."
"God dodammit, Vinny!"
"I have hiccups from doing a pirate voice."
"Alien cows, please go. Fucking scary as all hell."
"The fuck is a tomato doing with that much money?!"
"Clown, you... you clown."
"This is normal for #Vinesauce. Not so sure about anywhere else."
"It's just pixels. It's literally just 3 pixels. The suggestion of the pixels is what makes it weird."
"Mum, Vinny said I gotta try salvia if I wanna be cool."
"The implications. There's implications here. I don't like 'em."
"Every moment I play this is agony. Every moment is pain."
"You wanna know the definition of boring? You already know. You're looking at it. It's this stream. It's Vinesauce."
"Welcome to the world of Flash games."
"I'm having so much fun. Aren't you having fun?"
"350,000$ a month to livestream.
"I didn't even touch the cat. I didn't even touch the cat."
"Confirmed. Will Smith's next son: Odwn."
"It's very, very, very precise and no amount of people telling me 'git gud' is gonna fix that."
"No amount of me saying 'the game isn't a platformer' is gonna make it not a platformer."
"Vinny rolemodel pizzapotstaberp."
"Would I wear a Tingle outfit for a month for 100$? Yes, I would. For a 1000$?! Oh, I'm sorry. No, I wouldn't. Bring it back to 100."
"I'm currently supporting this guy's cocaine habit."
"I like being an Eaoemenso."
"Dank Dophths?"
"Free condoms from the human condom."
"I tingled. I tingled every part of their body. It was so sensual."
"Too many squids on the dancefloor."
"My screen is now completely fucking covered in shit and flesh and pixels."
"Tongle."
"Which one's the B? Who wants the B? Where is the B on the DS?"
"Only when I started smelling rubber I stopped."
"My name is Chuckles The Clown. Today I forgot to kill someone."
"Vingle."
"If anyone is high on 420 today, it's not me, promise, you're probably really enjoying this right now."
"Naked people wrestling ... projected onto a wall and like Monty Python music playing in the background."
"I like how I can see behind me with Cautious Cam, at all times."
"Have a spot of tea."
"There is no sound barrier to approach in this game. It's just torture."
"Alright, next: more toilets."
"Yes. Yes. We can control it. No, we can't. Nevermind."
"The bridge is toilets, the intro to the ship is toilets and everything is good."
"You're watching a psychopath at work."
"This is the face of a man who likes to ram his pigs."
"The ministry of silly tractors."
"Fun with pigs."
"I think Kung-Fu Grandpa and Nintendo Uncle should get together in one game."
"Let's get that shirt off of you, Winnie."
"Why is Mario killing Tarzan though?"
"In Mario, in Spelunky, whatever game it is, I hate vines!"
"'Overitt' That's me and this game."
"What kind of trash am I right now?"
"Friends watch friends poop."
"Nothing is funny that I ever say."
"I would say there's a lot of traps in the buvvins."
"Let us proclaim the mystery of RP / forever and ever."
"Everything's sticky."
"Shtretsh."
"I've got a fever and the only prescription is more amiibos."
"Hard."
"I'm a 30-year-old man and I will use the word 'adorable' for this game."
"I earned a stamp! For the Miiverse that I never use. Except for perverted purposes."
"Twice banned from the Miiverse. High five!"
"Now I never have to make any friends 'cause I'm my own friend!"
"My very own Yoshi clone. I can do so much with it."
"Gimme free shit, Nintendo!"
"If you've been around for a while then you'd know, I love me some dick clams."
"Remember that time I wanted to be a New York City bus driver?"
"Everything's better in VR while on weed."
"Screaming the word 'cunt' at maximum volume."
"Sportsball, great American pastime."
"I'm a quantity of protein. That's me."
"The nipples explode when you touch them."
"Welcome to Puberty Land, everyone!"
"There's art happening."
"Degree of ideal entity decreases with each influence."
"Avoid the duck. \ Avoid the cuck. \ Get touched by a teddy bear."
"You can't hurt me. I'm a fucking boat!"
"We're doing good. We're doing better. ... Oh, shit! Whoops."
"With Air Vomit you will arrive in style. Be the envy of your friends at the vomitorium."
"And thus the glory of the humpback whale returns to us, yet again."
"Deep down I'm always Tingle."
"Los Santos - home to many escaped convicts, twerking blimps and assortment of other fun diversions."
"This game is called Rigs of Rods. Just the name of it makes me angry."
"Where is the bu-vvins?"
"No! ... It's not done yet, Jeff. We've got more people to kill. We need to sacrifice. We need more bones for the bone god!"
"That was like Obi-Wan McCartney."
"I loved his mushroom shirt. That was choice."
"Did someone say dongers?"
"No concern for people. No concern for safety whatsoever."
"The expressions on Georgio's face."
"A spinning limousine, in the air, about to land on you. ... How does your brain process this before you get squished?"
"I remember the duck. I remember it. I don't forget a duck."
"I had nothing to do with their death."
"Talk to me! I need you to tell me how to count!"
"We've become Lanky, destroyer of worlds."
#vinesauce #quotes , #quality #gaming #stream , #toad
"The evil villain Cranando rises from the grave to destroy the kingdom of Byrule."
"Psychology lessons from psychedelic banana mods."
"All you got to do is put dinosaurs in a movie and people will go see it. So now you now, everyone. That's how you get rich."
"Douk."
"Sometimes I just spontaneously break out into, into song."
"You can make him dance. You can make him much hop."
"+5000 to confusion about reality."
"What is-- What is this? What is anything?"
"Guys, I really don't think I wanna do this anymore."
"That's a great way to start a map, isn't it? Flesh tones. Flesh noises."
"He's very gorrila-like in nature at this point in time but his eyes are in his mouth. That's the only difference."
"CIA just fucking absorbed Swag."
"My Vinesauce name is Skype."
"Use the beans to put out a fire."
"If you want to be spooped by Lady Satan, you can be. I leave it up to you."
"Why am I seeing, like, butts everywhere?"
"Why is his pinky out? What is that? What is he doing?"
"That dude separated into me."
"Can I absorb the d?"
"Oh, this is not a game I should be playing while I'm drunk. And I'm not even."
"If you ever need an extra voice actor, I can do a killer Luigi."
"It's got window mode, so I'm already ecstatic."
"I hate to say it but I think I'm gonna try to kill everything."
"Is that like a whale-man-boat-face with teeth?"
"Ghastbust. When you're here to bust and you know when there's a ghast. Bast with Bill Murray."
"That guy just gave me him."
"Unknown command: rustkuntz."
"Web.com. Most innovative company. They have developed tech to allow you to pass your limbs through walls."
"He's got a Luigi board on his desk!"
"I think the shitty games have begun, my friends."
"Technologies increased by 7."
"You won't hear Vinny scream. Doesn't happen."
"I'm pretty sure the flashlights that I own last for more than 3 minutes of use."
"Maybe if I go to the bathroom something good will happen."
"I can't even piss. What game doesn't let you piss?!	"
"Next Gen is the best gen."
"You do not need real life ever."
"This good Corn Douk."
"The toilets were guns."
"I should have put a disclaimer on this stream for how scary it is. There's too many skeleton."
"Can it get any better or worse than this? There's a bus driver dancing, there's a bus driver gyrating and there's a shark."
"The wrench adds like a wrench to my mushroom."
"Everything is awful."
"Am I controlling a dog?"
"I didn't know there was this dog skatepark for football right by the Eiffel Tower."
"I'm ready to get dressed and wear makeup and stuff."
"The crab is juggling bones. Quality loading screen for a quality game."
"'Bark de Trio--' Oh, no! Dog puns?!"
"You know you gotta start your horror game with a sad piano. Always."
"I shoot Nukem."
"Clear piss, best piss."
"Is this real or did I get sick from eating those shrimp pets?"
"My name is Sausage Baby Dog. What is your name? What's that? Dildo Beans?"
"If my sausages weren't preventing me I could clip through this wall."
"What kind of drugs were these people on when this concept was... was..."
"You gotta come to my new arcade. It's called Salt."
"Vinesauce, Vinesauce, Saucevine."
"Let me merge with you, my son, my child."
"Now people are feeding me. The mega cell has begun.'"
"I've never been this big before."
"Surrounded by memes that feed my ego."
"I've been fight alien."
"You guys like faces? I like faces."
"MealMate - Get swole!"
"We rollin'. Everyday we rollin'. Guess what? We also noclippin'."
"What could go wrong in the explosives corridor? Nothing! Nothing at all!"
"You angered John Mesa, owner of Black Mesa."
"I'm sorry. It was your choice to take a shower with your clothes on."
"Do we really need spikes in a science facility?"
"Alright, listen. This is silly. I'm out."
"I'm dodging hammers, lions and toilets. So normal."
"He is either holding a stick of dynamite or a very large birthday candle. I'm thinking the former."
"I makes such beautiful music!"
"Just never watch me stream again."
"Did you see that bread stretch?!"
"Oh, you donkey! When did you lose your passion for being a zombie?!"
"You can actually rapid-fire your slaps."
"I have to censor the stream when the bread gets hard."
"Just by giving me a duck game, you think that'll make me happy?! Well, you're right."
"What the fuck kind of landscape am I in? There's half-bananas, there's gourds and there's pumpkins."
"The hunchback of fucking potato Notre Dame potato. There is no pun there that could feasibly work."
"E.T., please. He sounds like an old man, like a really old, tired man whose body just so happens to be a potato."
"Remember when E.T. had to use his heart-thump to collect mushrooms?"
"It looks like lizard snails have jockstraps on them. OK, got it."
"We're gonna do this. We're gonna fertilize with our head."
"No one wanted this. Except me."
"I can't believe there's a recommended resolution for this game. It's just a picture of fucking steak."
"I just pointed at a chef and clicked Eat."
"I'm sitting on the chef."
"There was a loading screen for the demo level, which looked like bacon."
"Have a goodnight, everyone. Also, I'm shutting down the stream forever."
"I think Clown is a Scientologist."
"That's something that's interesting to Sponge: finding nail clippers in a park."
"Must feed my Jahns."
"So they're watching me playing the game, while you're watching me playing the game. So they're watching you watching me playing the game."
"I'm grownup."
"Walrus, the most eligible bachelor."
"Love has come to clow-- Gaben!"
"Maybe creams do come true."
"Friday Night Pizza should be a game."
"Don't tell anyone that if they start saying 'werewolves' on a regular basis that they're stupid."
"I can prod animals with my drumstick. And that is not a euphemism."
"He's a human meme."
"Oh, swing your arms!"
"It's great to be an adult. Playing my squid games. Shooting my water pistols."
"My shitty ideas are good enough for SNL."
"Memes and cream / and all the fun things that you would seem / to not understand / until you spent a lot of time here on Vinesauce."
"All these good ideas that I have. Noone wants to hire me."
"Death Air, coming soon. Starring: Rosie O'Donnell as Death Air, Vin Diesel as a Goron."
"If a giant, bloody pickle monster is ripping your face off, don't stand for it. You can do better."
"There I go again, playing my games that don't actually exist."
"I 'stracted you and while you were 'stracted... titty sprinkles."
"It is the witching hour, the hour of the banan."
"Next, we're probably going to move to California and live as a goat."
"Prodeption value."
"You're out. I'm in. The people want more Vin."
"How many clowns can you have in one room, together, crying, their make-up rubbing off on each other?"
"I was hoping they'd explode. Or at least start dancing."
"A 14-year-old kid started cosplaying as me."
"These animals all drank from the acid pit."
"Waluigi's scared of his own shadow. And for good reason."
"I'm an adult."
"Health potoin."
"Are these Toads just cheering? Or are they, like, gasping for air?"
"How many memes could you fit on the screen at the same time?"
"Since this level makes no sense, I'm gonna make sense of this level."
"Make it stupid and I'll probably get a good laugh out of it."
"I don't know if I'm still alive."
"Never leave home to go inking unless you got your helmet."
"Vinny from Vinesauce said that I should inject ink into my eyeball."
"Before we started streaming tonight: massive drugs, lots of drugs, all kinds of drugs."
"Why would Gabe Newell not be in this level?"
"This is what you see when you bees."
"Don't worry about that. My elephant is equipped to handle just such occasions."
"Even with the ability to scale vertical cliffs, none of us can leave."
"This game is so good, it made someone from the chat leave."
"The new Vinesauce mascot: Jump Skunk."
"I don't know if you guys knew that, but I have a toaster that you can put hot dogs in."
"Hey, gang! Scooby is tethered to a satellite, gang."
"I'm at 214,000 mp/h again and that will do. That'll do."
"Kurt Tingle - How To Beat Your Own Ass With Your Own Ass."
"Kurt Tingle. It's Kurt Cobain in a Tingle outfit or Kurt Russell in a Tingle outfit."
"If we would put a camera on a pill and feed it to a kid that just ate crayons, this is what it would look like."
"Bartender, do you have the mustard shot?"
"Now I don't know what's real 'cause things keep phasing out of existence."
"You're doing great and then you just keep crashing into invisible walls and then Skittles come out. It really is a metaphor for real life."
"Yes, I wish to abort back to the menu screen."
"Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of Buttspoop."
"My froge begin to speak."
"I'm going to ascend into Ninja heaven now. I'll be right back."
"I am Buttspoop. I'm a master of the elements. I can spin in a circle very goodly."
"They motion-captured this from a Barbie doll receiving electro shock therapy."
"Oh! I can check out Hannah Montana's outfits!"
"I just keep thinking about the Borg taking over Captain Picard's body, when she sings 'best of both worlds'."
"Why is Goldeneye in Macaroni & Cheese?!"
"Who is this Vinny guy anyway?"
"I like how we overuse the word quality. It's my fault. Completely."
"You repeat anything enough and people are gonna be drawing it."
"Look at so much quality! It's just so much, though."
"Welcome to the two-headed giant that is Skock."
"Dead, Captain. I tasted them. Tasted like blood."
"This is handpicked shlock."
"I'm sure George Lucas didn't know what Jizz was."
"The Enterprise has OKed me to use the rewind function."
"Bringing back nostalgia for a game I've never played."
"Fantonio Fanderas."
"Professional Mike Myers Shrek impersonation."
"What do you mean 'shake the tree'? I'm punching a fucking tree in the face. This isn't shaking it."
"Where's the dedicated burp button?!"
"I live in New York, not Londong."
"The IT department is a lie. There's nothing here!"
"Let me analyze the walls. Ah, yes. Walls. Fascinating."
"It's always the ducts. Always. Every video game. Always. Forever."
"Press button much fast to open door."
"Look how big he is. ... That's a great angle!"
"Spock is so small!"
"Do you like fun? No?! Then you're in the right place."
"Yeah! Star Trek! Running away from explosions at maximum velocity!"
"Boss, I'm coming. I am come. Boss, I am come."
"Now is not the time for work. Now is the time for smoke."
"Fuck everything. I'm moving to London to become a chimney sweep. I'm out."
"Cool fun times to be had. Many fun times to be had with AI that can't spell words correctly on purpose."
"Thing is I'm not funny. So I'm not really sure what you were expecting from me."
"For some reason this game just reminded me that I have to do my dishes."
"Yeah! Pull that car around, grandma!"
"The material world means nothing in Ping Pong. Matter and energy condensed into a slow vibration."
"I need help. Someone, please. Please come and take this game away from me."
"This is how human beings move. I have confirmation on this. I am also Stretch Armstrong."
"Fighting construction men. They're just trying to do their job and some bald lady in a bikini has to go and stop them."
"And you thought the graphics were bad in the cutscenes."
"Never a drop wasted. Wether you are in space or really high on mushrooms."
"My greatest dream as a child was to get slimed on at Nickelodeon studios."
"This tuna is so fucking raw, it's got hair!"
"You useless twonk."
"I am ready to toad harder."
"Yeah! Inspiration and masturbation in theatres!"
"In order to activate the cat, you have to hit it with a pink stick. ... And if you do this enough times the cat releases nuggets."
"These are all the best parts of growing up. You know, having a steak in a giant, fancy restaurant on the 50th floor of a skyscraper."
"Love has come to town!"
"What is this emotion? Flowery Cunt? Is that the name of the emotion?"
"I got to get out of this Jabroni outfit because this Punk-Jabroni thing, that was just six months ago. I'm over it."
"Honk honk fhuker."
"My health is going down, I'm sick and I've lost my sanity. Am I winning?"
"Why is there a potato on an iceberg?!"
"I did not expect there to be a potato."
"My cousin's new club: Iceberg. There's potatos and unicorns and narwhals."
"Circuit Chung From Outer Space... beats GTA 5."
"My name is gonna be Blunk Retkunp."
"Why is there naked people allowed in the court?"
"Normal."
"Alien legs. Alien legs. Quality walk animation. Alien legs."
"OK. People are getting murdered. There is no brakes."
"I can't wait for the V mouth."
"Spengrob."
"Why you no work deli?"
"Better call Saul Blart."
"Yeah, they are 3D alright and they got their own lips. Yeah, lips."
"MILEY CYRUS TRIANGLE TITS"
"Scoot."
"RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!"
"PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!"
"When can I give him the toilet paper?"
"Look at those teethes."
"I just tried to use the nipple and then I realized there is no nipple."
"You ever laid a spiky log?"
"Froge."
"I can’t smack him with some snot!"
"Hands are sweaty."
"Arms spaghetti."
"Oh, shitheart."
"We all wear masks. All of us."
"You know how to make like a tree and get the fuck out of here when I don’t need you anymore."
"We’ve got the Deku Scrubs, Zorgons, we’ve got the Gorgon and the… Darudes… the Dorudos.
"Hey Mario, are Koopa Troopas birds?"
"I am very disoriented right now but I love it."
"You might like it or you might glitch into a wall."
"Pee-Poolh."
"Get outta here, BJ!"
"Why am I making out with Toad?"
"My old friend Triangle Tits. How are you?"
"Deku Bababooey."
"Beautiful plumage!"
"Our Ogrelord has betrayed us."
"You know, you’ll have to… like… feast on your own cock."
"That beard, it’s so fluffy."
"Chunky ass!"
"There’s no more big fellers."
"Do you wish to continue?"
"Yes or no?"
"That’ll do."
"Fishing erased."
"Where’s the fellers? Oh, they are real deep in."
"Gon’ down a few holes."
"It’s just a pot of boiling swamp juice. Nevermind, solid juice."
"Got any tips for how to quit smoking? You can start with a wisdom tooth infection."
"Turtle, please."
"These vintage, custom brooms."
"I slowly begin to take of your shirt."
"Scott Tingle vs. the moon."
"50 Shades of Tingle - sweet Jesus, could you imagine that?"
"Half my life ago this game came out."
"Who lives in a pineapple under the swamp?"
"Custom-made."
"Why dog?"
"You’re not s’pasta (be here)."
"Revenge is a dish best served cold… and fisted… right into your fucking ass-nose."
"Look at this dapper plant cunt with broccoli hair."
"I promise I am very good at video games."
"Beanhole?"
"Derp, I’m a burg."
"Your ever-expanding body?! No, no, the tie is the problem."
"Some say the casserole is still spinning."
"I love scientist-cop water."
"Chubby code 47. Write it down, guys."
"This has no right being funny."
"He is allowed to grace us with his pink presence."
"All aboard the satan elevator!"
"Why can’t I stop playing this?"
"My triangles want to race unobscured."
"My triangles are blind."
"I think I know where the stretch is."
"This good Baba."
"Don't worry. We can go from zero to 780 in no problem."
"Is it ok if it's vines?"
"Yea, look at me driving. Yes, driving. Yes!"
"Get me off of the ride!"
"That sucks massive, massive swamp-dick."
"Differentiating forest and swamp."
"Intricatelylitely isn’t a word."
"Those bubbles no joke, son."
"To the buvvins!"
"A frog led me in this direction."
"My triangle titties is always here, if you needs them."
"‘You’ll poke an eye out with that thing’ has a new meaning with these fairies."
"Is that a bogongo?"
"My astute observations boil down to: ‘cause it’s like really fast’."
"Hey, Rinkeru! It’s me, Tingeru!"
"You can practically smell the moon."
"I’m a fucking bunny. Let me pass!"
"I can’t help but see scrotum."
"Vinesauce is sponsored by Seltzer."
"Spinal Injury is our newest flavor!"
"I didn’t read what he said before cause I was busy looking at his no-nipples."
"He who smelted… I am not going to finish that."
"What’s your favorite mineral, guys?"
"Fucking skipped leg year?"
"It is written."
"He foted."
"His eyes are so closed."
"Don’t actually fuck yourself."
"I see tits on a knee, which is a Snakes On A Plane kind of movie idea."
"How did you know? I love papkern!"
"He really groose on you, doesn’t he?"
"Y’all motherfuckers need Jesus."
"In a room - of 2000 people - thinks the streamer is ignoring - only him. Starring: Nick Nolte - and John Travolta - in Fuck Off."
"I am sorry. I was more focused on the cat piss conversation."
"I also had a smell that I would associate with virtual reality and therefore vomit."
"Good."
"You can look at it and meme out to it as much as you like."
"This honestly looks like a banan."
"You are in me."
"Bongos out of nowhere."
"I'm not impulse-buying ladybugs."
"The best way to start a video game is with sex noises."
"This is like a tampon with a nose."
"I kicked him so hard, he jellified and went through the door."
"Connect your goddamn polygons."
"I hear a burning corpse. I think it worked."
"How does his butt do that?"
"It’s just me, babbling about nothing, with sex noises."
"It looks like food, maybe a chicken dish, that he has sex with for health."
"Yeah! I got the Okay-47."
"I had to turn my flashlight on before I could retrieve the floating letter."
"Could you imagine how much projectile vomit would be the result of this game?"
"He is one with the wall now. Don't try to stop him."
"I can't tell who's dead and who's twerking."
"Octopub."
"I want the burg! Gimme the burg! Can't get the burg."
"Sticky slugs, one dozen."
"Has the corruption extended to the chat?"
"Amazon. Live slugs. Live at Slugs, New York City."
"You don't want this. I don't want this. But you're gonna get it."
"When you pluralize music, you already won my heart."
"We've got this. ... No, we don't."
"Mariooo!"
"Mewl. He says 'Mewl'."
"The phone is a cowboy."
"You guys like my speedruns?"
"Yeah, I do wanna turn on Sticky Keys!"
"It's one of those 'shoot everything and then not have any fun'-games."
"Controls like a banana sliding down a marmelade hallway."
"Why is Tourd... Toad now their fucking tour manager? Tourd."
"I'm ready for the Sticky Keys."
"Good gameplay. Very good. Very happy with this choice to play this game."
"Look at this quality. This amazing quality."
"The flashbacks of Curious George are strong."
"I need validation from a Hooters girl."
"The appeal here is the participation, more so than the gameplay."
"I don't care about your love. I just want fame."
"I'm hitting soldiers with a potato. A green potato."
"Stop on a dime. Turn on a dime. A dime, Mario!"
"We got meme faces."
"Mario, who is this Bubsy guy?!"
"Try cutting a steak with a balloon. That is how I feel in terms of frustration level when playing Bubsy 3D."
"It's time to see how much my audience hates me."
"Invisible walls are always fun."
"Certified memer."
"Do you not love me?"
"Are you not entertained?!"
"Don't fist! Don't fist! Wait until there's enemies before you fist!"
"If you're curious about something just stick your monkey finger right into it. Just stick it into that curiosity hole."
"What new, epic, next-gen epic content is in the new Call of Duty this year?"
"Spiky fucks."
"Swole Cat is watching you masturbate."
"I'd rather be bad at video games than watch other people be bad at video games."
"I'm still touching myself while playing this."
"Yeah! Video games!"
"How many babies do they have in them?"
"YellowTube? It's not as good as RedTube. Somewhat better than BlueTube."
"If he accidentally sent me a good game, man, that would be disappointing."
"Dramatic leg closeup."
"The Civil War was fought on Windows XP, exclusively."
"You don't know the rules of combat. You gotta give me a chance to oil my weapon."
"Advertise to me, my vixens, my sweet vixens from outer space."
"Mmm! MIDI slap bass. Yeah! Vibrate!"
"I bet Corpus Cristi to Phoenix takes five seconds."
"I remember in the E.T. movie, when E.T. had to battle his way through Kumquat Land and collect tree stumps."
"I got cheaped out by a fucking space porcupine."
"Everytime I play these shitty games, it's just me questioning why life is like this."
"I'm not gonna be able to unhear that. I'm gonna be hearing that noise, that retched sound effect of E.T. getting his rocks off."
"Euhh!"
"I don't know how you watch this."
"Mario Kart - now with no fun included!"
"This is Did You Know Gaming with your host, Vinny 'Go-Fuck-Yourself' Vinesauce."
"Move ova', sister!"
"Someone really needs to fire Lakitu."
"Luigi, look!"
"His appendages reach the heavens."
"This game is sick. This guy are sick."
"Just bruteforce my way in."
"Ship off Ohomp's block."
"This is what it's like to get a nail stuck in your eye."
"This is what a clown's septic tank looks like."
"Press the Bap Switches."
"I had a class mate that actually, legitimately expected Mario 65 to come out. He ate glue."
"Swing your arms from side to side."
"Nope. Too fast cool."
"[Muffled running in the distance]"
"I went so fast that I got an access violation."
"Link, you are not Sonic. What are you doing?"
"Ironic that the rhino's downfall would be the corpse of his brother."
"Stop devouring the universe, please!"
"Luigi, that wasn't a talking mushroom. That was my cock, Luigi! That's why it looked like a mushroom."
"Why are his eyes mouths?"
"I wanna do 3... RICOG."
"Urk Mario Hats."
"I wanna be No-Face Luigi."
"I knew we shouldn't give Mario Kart music to dubstep DJs to remix."
"Yoshi worships the Dark Lord."
"I just punched Peach and she died."
"I killed Yoshi. I kicked him in the foot and he died."
"Jeff Goldblum can sell a donkey to a bullfrog with his charisma and nuanced line inflection."
"Ballpits at Amazon."
"More time to press button. Many button. Much button press all time."
"Why is Mario turning into uncooked spaghetti?"
"intendo-N resents."
"Was Link an ogre?"
"He's registering as being on top of me."
"What do you say, Luigi? Do you want to go to space with David Bowie?"
"You're a useless cunt, Luigi. I've been supporting you because you are my brother."
"No, no, no! The player 1 has winned! What do you mean 'the player 2 has winned'?!"
"Why don't we do Super Toad 67 next?"
"There's just so much room for character development with Toad."
"That spinning, flapping, magic piece of wood. You motherfucker, you."
"Is that a steak? The stakes were getting higher."
"'Click here to boost PC speed.' Are you crazy?! ... That sounds great! There's no negatives to that."
"Did you know I can win a free iPod?"
"Yeah! Fast! Oh! Yeah! Multiple music tracks! Yeah! Doesn't make any sense! Yeah! No music! Yeah!"
"This game hurts my life."
"You can send complaints to bubsy3d@bub.cum."
"I can't help it, guys. This has to happen."
"M-- M-- M-- Mor--"
"Why do I need a condom? So I can ... I can safely rub Rick's chapped balls."
"Plants have feelings. When I fuck them they don't scream."
"We need to watch Ball Fondlers. What channel is that on?"
"We can't have this. We can't have this. The police will be summoned. OK, fine. Let's just do this."
"I just launched my dad at an enemy."
"This MIDI is kind of like ... when you see someone walking down the street and you want to avoid them."
"Apparently they think I'm a gamer. How stupid is that?!"
"And what's the deal with buildings in the middle of the road?"
"What? I don't want to be game over."
"Here's a cool thing: you can't actually exit the game."
"I'm gonna piss myself to sleep tonight."
"Pasta comes from the sky and Megaman just eats it."
"Reg sent it to me. So you know how this is gonna go."
"I thought those holes were just scenery."
"What is this mess of flesh that I've become?!"
"I don't know if it's Mario or Danny DeVito anymore."
"I've got to angle my body, otherwise I can't get in."
"The puns in this game are worse than mine."
"This level can really suck on a fat popsicle right now."
"So it's green and purple. Insert meme here."
"The timing of when things go up and down is completely erratic. Not erotic. That is what the Koopa was experiencing stuck in that stone."
"Where am I? What am I?"
"I figured I'd roll myself over to the sewer."
"Subtlety wasn't what I was best known for in this world."
"I wasn't much of a bowler but today was different. I went on over to the pins and I just crashed on into them. Strike for me."
"I think I'm causing some severe discomfort for people in this strip club."
"What have I done to this game?"
"The truck was a bat in a former life."
"Good games make themselves louder when I lower them."
"I was feeling like I had a shotgun burried under my toes."
"They call me Tittly Bonc M'lone."
"They can't wait to jiggle. I didn't even get this thing in my mouth."
"The guy gyrating in the back left? He's fine. He's gonna be alright. He's gonna be OK. Look at his stomach physics."
"I've become whale, destroyer of worlds."
"Nice wood. Nice wood down there!"
"Please let there be Smash Mouth in this. Please."
"It's like a swamp fart. It looks like a booger, like a grass booger swamp."
"Bootleg Mike Myers accent."
"I mean, you know things are bad when you have to get a bootleg Smash Mouth."
"So that was Shrek Extra Large. Hope you enjoyed."
"Come ogre here!"
"Slide it all the way up."
"This tomodachi shiit has to be stop / But not today, for we must fop"
"He became a boombox."
"I can hear the Satanses."
"You just got to twerk in front of the vulture a little bit."
"Cranky's hands are Cranky's face."
"Cool music. Where did you come from?"
"I give up. I wish to live as a whale."
"I think Jesus really wanted to get some of that alien booty."
"The sheer force of Kong's girth killed Diddy."
"Mario, did you say pasta?"
"Screw you, Two-Face. I've got Cling On."
"Noone's dead. Well, few people are dead."
"I think that Jahn wanted more than chicken cutlets."
"Luigi, you have dyslexia. I don't even know how that applies to the way you hear things but it does."
"Almost seems playab-- Oh, I died."
"I don't want to do Super Mario 6. Chances are that's not real."
"What is killing me?"
"My character is scared for his life but he can't stop driving. This is the pain that a video game character must experience."
"Hey, just because I'm not that great with the bow right now, it doesn't mean I'm not a great bowner."
"Let's see if we can get any other fun sounds."
"Everytime he shoots, there's just one tadpole, like one white tadpole that comes out of the tip of his helmet."
"I'm sorry for the mental image. I promise it doesn't hurt him."
"Thank you Mike Matei for finding the elusive Matei Bug that was named the Matei Bug before the game came out."
"And thus Mario, Toad and Luigi rode their fur suits into the sunset and found a new way of life."
"Bowser & Bowser Manufacturing Services, how can I help you?"
"I'll enjoy the game create. I'm already enjoying the game create."
"I've become one with the sea horse."
"I accidentally gave Jesus a bad trip."
"Our Ogrelord has betrayed us."
"You know what I'm trying to draw."
"And this is why video games are not currently accepted as an art form by many people."
"There've been a few times ... when I've accidentally went too far in with the q-tip... That's what this game is like."
"The music doesn't even like this game."
"That's the next game you're working on? Super Patrick Bateman Experience 64? I'll play that."
"These are the sounds of Bowser's bowels made into a song."
"What a surprise. I didn't like a video game."
"We need to revive Super Mario Bros. but with worse controls, no running and default Windows sounds from 1996."
"The canon. You can't touch the canon! It's made of molten lava."
"I found the twerk button but I don't know what the jump button is."
"Level 1: piss-easy. Level 2: Cthulhu's realm."
"He's like a cyclops every now and then for like a split second."
"Koholint Island you are on Koholint Island!"
"I'm in a 2-D sidescrolling area but with a top-down gameplay perspective. What?"
"Welcome to the annual earthquake festival."
"I got three purple hearts and a D."
"Hang on. I'm connecting to my 56k. AOL 3.0 is almost online."
"5643."
"Try eating a pizza with your asshole."
"I like how his arms ripped open for a second."
"Arthur I. Tus? Jesus Christ. Arthur I. Tus. Cause the fing... clicking! For his... clicking his fingers!"
"I'm a fucking giant."
"She is very animating with her hands. My god! I think she has some kind of disorder."
"You must first collect the four pendants in the temple of the fading music."
"Why would they hide a secret room?"
"There goes the VOD muted. Michael Jackson's gonna need that money."
"Jimdiana Bones."
"I will merge with the wall and become like my ancestors."
"Why did my eyes fill with blood for a moment?"
"I think he'll be alright. They can reattach the things. Skull and stuff."
"If it's annoying for you to watch, it's just as annoying for me to play."
"Shit! My arm is really long."
"Video games 2015."
"Banan. A. Banana! I said 'banana'!"
"I found a golden scrotum donut."
"Oh hi, Marc. You ready to walk down the street?"
"When you eat a lot of shawarma, your shit comes out black as coal!"
"I swear to fucking christ, Luigi, if you say my name one more fucking time."
"Yoshi is a hammer with a football helmet. I can die happily now."
"A tongue is coming out of the football man's helmet."
"There's some scary skeletons here. Guys, I don't think I wanna go any further."
"If you spam chickens you can get anywhere."
"Figuring out how to use chickens appropriately."
"Ascend. Allow me to arise, my chicken friends."
"Get clogged every day, son."
"Unknown Raisins."
"The confusion is so real."
"It's too dangerous to go alone take this, master using it and you can have this."
"Secret is in the treet."
"It's my art, man. It's my man, man."
"Elusive Cameltoad."
"Caves of Easy Difficulty. Just spikes that insert themselves. Far. Deep."
"There's just something about it that makes me wish to continue."
"You can make anything appear artistic by adding the sound of vinyl, like popping."
"A different world where horse and men are combined into one."cap
"Yes, there are Rednecks even in the future. Even in the machine future."
"Welcome to White Pot World. Enjoy your stay."
"That wasn't a weapon, Luigi. That was my ..."
"You can kind of tell it was built in one day."
"There's no reason I should be continuing this."
"Is a movie reference a meme?"
"Let's make some sick references in the chat."
"My fucking eyes are bleeding."
"Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Gettin' stuck everyday. Yeah, my brain hurts. Yeah!"
"Select dead end eet."
"Spay me for the dooreet."
"Spaalonebabaguuscooties."
"Where are these extra sets of eyes coming from?"
"That's what happens when you eat everything: turtles with their shells still on, moles... cars. Gotta get your stomach pumped some time."
"Sorry. That's all I can say. Sorry."
"I am waggling so hard right now and nothing is happening."
"- Tell me the secrets of your people. - 17."
"Yes, I am mushroom."
"Smeg."
"My favorite part of Peache's Royal Raceway is Clown Vomit Mountain."
"Don't know what I'm looking at. Don't know where I'm going. And my life hurts. So that's a good sign."
"The meat corridors await."
"Corruptions are my anti-drug."
"hopburo. Failunre i no't n option, mate."
"M had this to say: 'aticati.'"
"Feel so good!"
"Some fucking realistic looking pillows."
"Thousands of 'Holy Shit!' and broken chats forever."
"The forbidden portals. Don't go in those. You might get a hardon."
"User-created crackles."
"What is this guy? What am I?! Oh my god! What am--"
"The height of sexiness."
"I'm not allowed to participate in Pac-Man."
"I like the sound of Peppy's screw-dildo cock drilling me into my ears. ... I meant drildo."
"Turn off your lights. Get yourself into a very cozy position."
"The game did not take into account that I would play it."
"I was a big spes fan when I was a child. I wanted to be stronaut."
"Reg knows how to find games that really speak to me ... That last one was the exception. Actually all of his games are the exception."
"Oh, look! The sock is back. The symbol of greatness."
"Why was that funny to me? It shouldn't have been funny."
"When you're a 14-year-old kid, butter comes in real handy."
"I got a good D for you, Morty. Just give me a minute."
"Are you a bad enough dude to race on Mario Circuit after a massive fucking earthquake hits it?"
"What if those trees don't actually smell like semen? What if there are just some weird fetishists out there ... that jizz on them?"
"We gotta get swole, Mort."
"Swolesock McMort."
"You find out that the cars are too busy loving each other to be refueled."
"This is how you get the Exxon Mobil mask which allows you to dig into the ground at any time and potentially find gasoline."
"Look at Toad go. Look how majestic."
"There's physics. Somewhere, Einstein is crying because of how fucked up I made this."
"This is the end of Interstellar in Mario Kart 64 form."
"This fish always struck me as a gangster."
"I know their band name 'cause of their band name."
"His name is Vinesauce. He told me that weed should be legal, so I decided I'm gonna go get a 20 bag and inject it into my arm needle."
"You gimme peperon, you gimme sauseege, maybe even a little meatball."
"All you mothafuckas tryin' to be pastas."
"Yes, I fucking hate vines."
"The vines don't make any sense. You get on them and then you turn into David Byrne from the Talking Heads."
"Maybe he'll die and I can just like scoop up his corpse."
"Guys, come on! My toe hurts too much. Don't tell me about spiders."
"Drunk people are like David Byrne from the Talking Heads: twisting and contorting and screaming and banging into walls."
"Here's my worst hangover story. Are you ready for this?..."
"Sorry to disappoint but most of the time it's just me playing a video game."
"It's springtime, boys!"
"Oh, Froge. I've got something I want to talk to you about. Do you know about the good news ... about Froge?"
"I, myself, am a famous speedrunner on the internet."
"I've decided to move to Nepal and live my life as a goat."
"I heard you guys like meowjobs. Is this true?"
"They found that nipples are too offensive because of the HD detail on his body."
"How old was I when I was born? I was about three, three or four."
"You cunts gotta pick Rainbow Road immediately, huh?"
"Are those butts? They're like red butts. Wow!"
"Mario is like a fucking contortionist."
"Rinc."
"Double-face Princess Peach, what's going on?"
"It's fuckedous to go alone."
"Let's ply mony miking gam."
"World Major Minor Titab."
"Look how I just booty-stomped the wolf."
"Badoga Gegs explode with powerful blasts and are very dabongadous."
"Do you want my nipples to make your sword... Oh, wait a minute! I cut those off years ago."
"Dick Wolf did do a great wolfjob on whatever show that was. What is it? Miami Blue Vice ... and Order?"
"I am dog, worf worf."
"Quality mature Vinesauce streaming."
"He caught it with his foot and it teleported into his hand."
"Fetch the ball, teleport, do whatever you got to do, throw them down there to the willy wonka and you've got yourself a point."
"I got to hit rank 25 for a clown."
"A third clown joins and he offers a vicious honkjob."
"Bass and ass have the same three letters in there somewhere."
"Spengrob."
"I can't wait for the V Mouth."
"Leather trenchoat, fucking Matrix or Columbine. Take your pick."
"Jjjjjjjjjesus."
"Taste is subjective. Someone else will like it."
"So Waluigi is now willfully blind for the rest of his life with this hat."
"He doesn't make friends. He stares at people and then he stares at his own genitalia."
"I need to give me a new hat because this party hat bullshit ain't working out."
"Guys, I am feeding a hamburger an octopus."
"Wank stains on the curtains / honk / I am dead / punk life instead."
"The bridge is rotating and spitting fire."
"He's not on acid yet. I'll let you know when he's on acid. He's on chili dogs."
"What are you looking at, Lakitu?"
"Why did I create another human being?"
"Whoever that was, he or she merged and now the bag is moving on its own."
"Lend time prof at home?"
"I just walked through a human door."
"He has no style / He has no grace / This Gobon has a funny face."
"Chunky Monkey Ass - Free toy inside - The chunkiest of the monkiest! It's the official Vinesauce cereal."
"Thank you for listening to my innate rambling about Toad and Brian Johnson. Good times."
"Let's just pretend Gulman is never coming back, ever again."
"I wonder if I screamed even more than I did.... why! I could be famous!"
"I don't know why I said this earlier but I did."
"Just got to rev up that Dolancycle for a sec."
"Yes! Gaga! Yes! Yes! Mamacita, gaga!"
"That's not what ducks do. They don't go 'yak!'. Oh, maybe they do actually. Nevermind."
"I don't know who this guy is. It's a game about a green giant, named Shrep, Shrep Throat."
"Let's shrek it out!"
"If you're epileptic, look the fuck away! Otherwise you're gonna shrek yourself."
"It's just nice to tune into the number station. Hear about some numbers you haven't heard of in a while."
"Shrek 3: Shrektified"
"But Shrek, I loved you. Why are you scaring me?"
"This music reminds me of the time I shoved a screwdriver in my p- in my ear. Yea, in my ear."
"This is what it sounds like to get electrocuted."
"This is like trying to catch a crab with your dick."
"You were not human enough to be Marcos Lopez."
"Guys, a vending machine just knocked me off the edge of the boat."
"Grab a lady and just make lady stains all over the place."
"Your first move with the knife is to one: be safe and practice safe knifing. Second thing is to just stab it right in the middle."
"Please let there be Smash Mouth in this, please!"
"I just threw a garden gnome into a wall."
"This beast still be under warranty!"
"This is what you deserve, you know, when you come to Vinesauce, you get awful Scottish impersonations."
"I feel like I haven't stopped playing Gulman."
"Oh, OK. I can jump majestically. Human rabbit. I'm a human fucking rabbit."
"If this is a legit game, I'm not gonna play it. I know, I know. That's what you get here on Vinesauce."
"I can't interact with the mushrooms. I'm very disappointed."
"No question."
"I'm pretty good at video games as you can tell, but perhaps not while I'm sideways."
"Uncle Nando is back in quacktion."
"I regret playing this already."
"Thanks for staying up late with me and wasting your time watching some video games with me."
"I want to go into the skin hut and wear the skin of another fallen Yoshi."
"It's my fault. I keep seeing dick and semen jokes in everything."
"Upon my chest, there lay breast."
"Let me tell you, in 1946 I had fun one time. One time."
"How did you get in there?! You teleported? Good boy."
"Skeleton on skeleton violence is a major problem in this country."
"A no-legged meat Niko. I was gonna call him Miko."
"Anything but bones."
"What a time to be alive; where the mistakes, the dumb mistakes that I make in video games can be broadcast to the entire world."
"Electro Country - best genre of music."
"I like opportunities. Let's opportunities."
"I'm so sorry. I'm not sorry."
"I don't have enough piss."
"Did I accidentally trip on acid before I, like, started playing this? Did I? Is this real? Have I woken up? Have I-- Am I awake?"
"What kind of disturbed mind would make something like this? This is the kind of guy that I can get behind. I like this guy."
"Dick delivery service!"
"Shit gameplay. 0 out of 10. I'm ready for sex now, wife."
"I'm ready to smash with you."
"You need someone to fuck up the gene pool? Cause I got this, if so."
"What is this? Pleasure Chamber?! Alright, I'm game. "
"Hey, ride me! Get in there."
"You would burst into a million flames of wetness and titty sweat."
"I've been playing Call of Duty since 1979. Colecovision."
"Meat flakes and crumbs and gold bars!"
"The worse the joke the longer the slide whistle."
"Smoking Weed with Dracula - The Game."
"Things happen. Regardless of my presence."
"'Would it be neat if we could just light everyone on fire.' Our definitions of neat vary."
"Why is there big, floppy phallus in my face!?"
"Dong goes through legs."
"'100% quality' - Just like Vinesauce."
"I'm on a quest to become a human dinosaur."
"Simple, colorful and lots of innuendo."
"You just slide right in. For maximum defeat."
"My abilities include jet packing, long walks on the beach and a frolic."
"That was lag."
"As you can see I am a baby. In real life. I'm not talking about in the game."
"Good thing I was never a kid."
"Even babies have inventories. It's the future of gaming."
"I was busy doing baby things up until the moment you showed up."
"I'm so fast! What am I?!"
"Is that a human head? Ah, yes it is. That's where I came from."
"No one gets hurt if lubricants are involved."
"Fuck gravity."
"It's like a Transformer having an ejaculation issue. Oil dick."
"I like 900 FOV."
"Only casual scrubs play anything below 900 FOV."
"Hard as fucking balls. Not regular balls. Fucking balls. They're like wrecking balls but they fuck."
"Lurigi."
"I suffer for you. For all of you. For your entertainment."
"I'll be promoting my lovely product line: Jabroni Underoos."
"Best cookies. A little secret sauce in the cookies."
"It's a shame I couldn't rob the ramen store."
"Every year there has to be at least one major Half-Life Halloween game disaster. If it doesn't happen it's not Vinesauce anymore."
"High paranormal activity detected in toilet stall number 4."
"I ran so fast I went backwards. How did that even happen?"
"That was fast. That was extremely fast memes. I didn't expect them to come that quickly."
"I didn't hear any BonziBuddy meme, yet. Where's those? Can you guys tell me those?"
"He took to the woods with his sisters panties on his heads. He has multiple heads. That's correct."
"To boldly go where no spoop has gone before."
"Designed for your earhole pleasures."
"Welcome to the stream. My name is George Clooney and this is ER."
"I'm ready to place the pizza now. OK. Pizza is placed."
"I'm interested in piss."
"My little donglets."
"It's the coolest fuck."
"So how do you guys feel about a shameless self-promotion?"
"This is dumb. I'm stupid. Enjoy."
"You do not have my permission to blink."
"Are we getting crackles?! Where's the crackles?"
"Famous speedrun."
"The world record for slow speedrun is about to be upon us."
"I want Captain McHugebutts!"
"I think I've had enough fan art for the day."
"Instant regret stream begins now."
"Whoa! What is going on?! The booty game, ridiculous."
"Why am I bleeding money?"
"Just a faceful of crotch."
"Excuse me, officer. I seem to have lost my bones."
"Now we can be together forever, Santa."
"An impressive 3 FPS."
"Puzzles are boring. I want Call Of Duty!"
"I'm just gonna wait for her in the bed naked. I'm just gonna be a naked Tingle. Just waiting. She won't know."
"I didn't snort a Dorito 'cause I won the bet."
"Holy shit! This guy has a skeleton."
"Greed is good. Yeah!"
"I just wanna blast you guys all over your face for a second, if that's alright."
"Tingle's vehicle sounds like fapping? Who says that's the vehicle making the noise?"
"Hey, Tingre! It's me, Pinkre!"
"Do your job, Steroido!"
"My wife really wants to oink you."
"I walked past the room where you get laid?"
"Put it right up there."
"My lip is quivering like a small child. Like a horse without a saddle."
"My nippres. They're getting real fucking hard, Tingre. Real fucking hard."
"Wait a minute. There's alcohol in this hand sanitizer. That might make the pain of this game go away."
"Yeah! Yeah! Fly forever and tumble!"
"I could fart through a morse code device into Mario Maker and come up with better level design than this."
"If we really stretched and we really want it to be dirty, there's definitely some material there."
"Why is he only making erotic noises in my left ear now?"
"Holy shit! This is the best day of my life. Virtual pizza eating?!"
"It's a shame I couldn't rob the ramen store 'cause that's what I really wanted."
"Do I have to bomb every gossip stone in Hyrule and do the first dungeon backwards, so that I can get the unicorn fountain?"
"You pause the game, you unzip your pants and well, the rest is up to you. Congratulations! You found the triforce!"
"Gordon Flea Man."
"I wouldn't trade what I do for anything. I love it. Despite some really fucking weird emails."
"Made by Crenando."
"What does this have to do with love?!"
"In Battletoads you have two controls: battle and toad."
"It's me, Spagoo! Spagum. Spagaglioos Gumbiglia. Come on! I'm from Staten Island. You know me!"
"Spagoogs Spagick. Come on!"
"Where's Mulder? Get Mulder and Skull Key!"
"One day, I would like to return to Worlds. I just don't know how."
"If there was a fly on the wall who didn't know what this stream was ... and was listening..."
"I'm gonna go back to hell and I'm gonna look for the programmer that has the glitch world."
"And tips their hat."
"If you wanna be cool and look cool for the other guys, the other guys in school, you gotta be, you gotta be hard. All the time."
"No one gives a fuck. Like I don't. That wasn't a sentence."
"Gusting is a whole new thing."
"Don't talk about cocks during my Yoshi game."
"Joshua 7 starring in Joshua 6."
"Is it only the most douchy thing on the planet to say that you have a cold, cynical heart? Find out tonight at 11."
"Sleep well and spoop well, my friends."
"If only I had Satan to announce I had a double kill, I'd be so happy."
"Actually I have a funny pizza story."
"I guess we're going back to MartDonalds."
"I need to get there. I need to get closer. I need to get to the Dorito trees."
"Seriously, do I need to piss on my bones?"
"I knew it! I knew I had to fill that up all the way."
"Let's see if there's any, um, things I can fill up."
"You guys ready to get depressed? I know I am!"
"Yea! Faster! ... Sorry. It's a good thing I have that compressor."
"I'm only 4 years old. I'm a brandnew baby hedgehog."
"Would you like to make home movies with Sonic as he is birthed from ... nothing."
"Moweep."
"I hear children laughing. You do not want to start a game with children laughing."
"Can someone explain the acrobatics that I've just commited?"
"Can I spit on my Fairy Frog Mother?"
"Flesh-hand Sonic."
"He died doing what he loved most: drowning for three days."
"And no fun was had that day."
"He died doing what he loved best: dying."
"It's the beatles with two Ringos and no-one else."
"It is flesh that melts into Link's own flesh with ghoulish cunt popping out of the top."
"It is I, Sponge. I've come to moweep the sadness away."
"You wouldn't download a moon."
"Here we see the native Skubulba moving in his natural habitat. As you can see, his bones break with every movement."
"EA Foods - It's in your ass."
"Sorry nothing."
"No, I do not speak Wingdings. Please!"
"The secret to life is in video games. Specifically corrupted GoldenEye."
"This moment of me spitting into a frog lady's vagina, while Mac from 'Mac and Me' looks on from 4 different angles. This is my legacy."
"This game controls about as well as the first time you dissected a frog in high school. Including the nausea."
"I cannot impression Pierce..."
"Can we not do this while I'm getting my reward? I don't need to see his lips."
"Get me in! I need to be in the male sex toy. Beautiful."
"The crew of the Enterprise gets whiped out by Rikers. By Rikers giving nasty beardjobs."
"You don't even urethra."
"His arms were sweaty / his arms spaghetti."
"Plant some meat? Good. Got some meat planted."
"Congratulation. You have win."
"I can't play this if my retina has been burned off by bloom."
"Who slipped DMT into my coffee?"
"Please wait. Loading 15 polygons."
"His shadow was in an iPod commercial, like 5 years ago."
"Psychedelic banana party."
"I can't wait for the physics."
"This is a good sign for any bridge builder. If your bridge vibrates, then you're good."
"It could work. It could work, guys, if we just keep going down in quality."
"I got this. I got this! ... I don't got this."
"Flesh-color bridge, the only acceptable bridge color."
"I don't know if I have enough time in a day to explain what the hell is happening here."
"This is an incredibly stimulating and interesting adventure through the bowels of someone's urethra."
"For those that don't know: my idiocy has led me down a dark path."
"My name Douk Nouk Kem. I only pay hookers."
"Douk smoke as many cigarettes as Douk can."
"Wow! This door is cowboys and it tips its hat."
"I can quack on command."
"Get the slug juice out the shower. It's pointless."
"Nothing in this game has a reason. Just like real life. It's just there. Just hanging out."
"I'm still convinced that George Carlin was right: that the purpose of life is to give the earth plastic."
"You can quack at anytime."
"The Lord of Light himself, Stankus McDankus, is trying to teach us a lesson."
"I am looking for hooker of greatest capacity."
"My leg is very wet. My mouth is cigarette."
"If you kill yourself, you will die."
"Do I get a good amount of Happy Points? How much P.P. do I get?"
"I didn't know babies had the power to ram themselves into objects while they exploded."
"Hi, this is Mantis Toboggan and I am here to tell you that God will send you to a fiery pit of damnation if you don't get some rum-ham."
"My stint as an undercover cow did not pan out. I milked it for all it was worth but in the end I was utterly defeated."
"There is no reason for me to have this cow mask on."
"He has become the ultimate enemy of crime. He has become Cop Car. Half man, half cop, all badass."
"Sauce."
"Fuck it. We're gonna gush."
"You doin' alright there, Koops? Koop McFucked In-The-Fence?"
"Ruining people's lives, one clown nose at a time: Vinesauce."
"Scoot is in every Animal Crossing I've played ever."
"Does this ever go away or am I gonna be walking around with 'Vine Dicks' above my head?"
"Cows just can't drive. Keep them out of the fucking car. Coyotes, they got their shit together, right?"
"Reports of the cow ascending into the air while carrying a truck cannot be confirmed at this time."
"Seven people were killed today when a cow went on a murderous rampage."
"She's got pink tits for hair."
"Jokes are funny."
"We'll have a baby run into furniture and have the furniture explode. We'll sell it on Steam for a Dollar. Ironical people will buy it..."
"This looks awful. By the way, this is maximum quality."
"I want to get to know the baby. I want to get to know his story."
"Royalty free music at its finest."
"It's just a big, bald head with a penis on it that blinks. The balls blink."
"Oh, shit! I got a letter from Scoot!"
"My lizard begin to grow."
"Come to me if you want to RP."
"I'm selling propane: 200 quid."
"Would you like a stove?"
"Did you know that Jesus Christ rose from the grave for your sins and that one day the Easter Bunny rose from the same grave?"
"If you come to the town square with me / we go to the town square today."
"The resurrection is inside you."
"There's a lot of magic in Skate 3."
"Did someone say chunky?"
"I don't know what that trashcan just did."
"Arms are heavy / mom's spaghetti."
"I cannot even stand up straight. This is the best I can do and I rotate and vibrate violently."
"Do I have to buy the Dr. Pepper Vending Machine DLC?"
"Pleasure Machine, better than the Sybian. It makes your body jizz from every orifice."
"I've been absorbed into the collective crate mind. We are the Crate. Resistance is futile."
"I've always wanted to be a shopping cart when I got older."
"The thing about replays is you have to get some nice camera angles. You want to spice it up a little bit. Spicy meatballs!"
"Afro Bruce Lee is walking around with his bottle of water that is hovering in his hand."
"Bub Skebulba has left the building."
"All they have to do is freeze-frame Skate 3 and they'll get some great inspirations for Pokemons."
"'Foothead' - starring Michael Richards."
"We don't need physics."
"When the leg startsa' wobbling, that's when you know something good's gonna happen."
"This, my friends, is how sausages get made."
"Physics? Physics?! Place your bets on how long this thing is gonna rotate."
"I don't think there is a song in the Super Metroid soundtrack called 'The Chorizo'."
"You know where to find me if you want me to stream and sing more... or you can just kill me."
"More fun than your body can handle."
"It looks like effort was put into this game. That's the scary thing."
"This is a great level. It's called Rainblow Load."
"So I have determined I have a cousin."
"He used to be a bodybuilder. Now he's just Punxsutawney Phil."
"You've got to come down to my cousins' club. It's called Push."
"New York's hottest club is Push. There's Frankfurters, there's Frankensteins, there's Frankenbeans, everything."
"You've got to come to Ecstasy. Eva Mendes."
"Everytime I hear about this club it's got a new name. You know: 'Vin, you gotta to come to Spaceship. It's amazing.'"
"Custom, custom-made figures, exacto knife, hot glue, paint, maroon, maroon color number 17, maroon, Bespin, Cloud City, odd-looking duck."
"Bespin, Lobot, Lando Calrissian's right hand man, Lobot, custom-made, custom-made to order, Lobot, Dexter Jettster, Star Wars."
"Yes, I've just said 'serieses'. I have an English degree. It's fine. I can do these things."
"If you can find a hobby that you enjoy and you want to share it with someone, then who's better than you?"
"Millions of vibrations a second are causing this car to combust."
"Bubsy, don't look at me! Don't you fucking dare look at me, Bubsy!"
"There's a whole taxi twerk fest going on down there."
"Oh, yes. Get shwifty. Get shwifty, Bubsy."
"You guys ready to get content-claimed?"
"Yeah! Three fast! Yeah! Three dog!"
"Daddy-Longlegs is gonna be the number 1 Mario Maker level because it's not fun and that's the key to making a good Mario level."
"Congratulés."
"Epic infringement content. There's a band name."
"Memes everywhere. I love it."
"I am not exactly a scientist. Contrary to popular believerinos."
"The most annoying combination of words that you can ever think of: infringed content."
"This is annoying. I like annoying."
"I'm surprised I can say the word 'sucks' on the Miiverse. That's a big boy word. You can't sucks a lollipop."
"Infringe! Infringe!"
"My name is Vinny and I am 4 years old."
"Remember: Do not infringe. Instead: Binge on epic content. ... Shoot me."
"The apoca	lypse is upon us and I am driving a taco truck."
"I have some weird fart noises in my right ear."
"This is what Luigi was made for: eternal pain and suffering and falling down pits."
"Lakitu did not know what to laki-do. So he fucking put us on top of each other."
"Confirmed. There is water underneath the Kalimari Desert. ... Kalimari Desert 'cause there are calamari underneath the desert."
"Meticulously designed from the ground up for maximum enjoyment."
"You guys wanna play cave explorer?"
"Ripped for your pleasure."
"I have to cheat."
"Mario Maker - it's time to make some Mayros."
"Mario Maker 420 Noslope."
"Why is there babby noises?"
"Nintendo claimed. They content-claimed my stylus."
"It's nice to know that the meme community does not wait until day 2 of the game being out before meming."
"You know how many times I'm gonna make that 'bone rollercoaster' joke? ... It's already old and I only said it once."
"The music hurts. There's just someone chewing on, like, metal in my left ear."
"New York City Bus Simulator, brought to you by Chevvy's. No, it's brought to you by Cheyyv."
"Sounds like someone inserting a wet fish into a jar of custard. Not that I know what that sounds like from experience."
"I stopped needing footsteps. I have officially stopped needing to actually walk."
"Welcome to Dudna Aeade."
"Do bears eat everything? Yes, it just have to be much."
"Do you like Bercedes Men?"
"I can make my guy bald just by looking at him differently."
"I knew it was going to be bad. I knew it was going to be silly. But I didn't think it was going to be Goat Simulator with a reskin."
"Glitches and achievements - the future of video gaming."
"As long as you're laughing in life that's really all that matters - mostly."
"Life is too short not to laugh at fart jokes, unless the fart joke is just really fucking not funny."
"Today we're gonna be talking about Black Ops, hacking, lag, Mountain Dew, Doritos, all the things us true gamers really, really love."
"Oh, scooped!"
"Lag spike made me throw my own grenade at myself."
"Seemed to have gotten killed by some kind of lag missile."
"I'd like to just give a shoutout to my boys Yolo over at 420 Stream."
"Any of my subscribers, please subscribe. Helps me out. Starts... goes... and... Black Ops, Call of Duty: Black Ops."
"Maybe I'll snort a Dorito, if we lose this next round."
"I won the team! I won the game! I won the game for the team! Oh, wait. No, I didn't."
"It seems gross but I could really learn to enjoy eating spleens."
"Stand near ladder, press E to mount, climb down, then mount me."
"I don't, I, I dijj, his face."
"I can see my entire feet."
"Literally so much to do."
"I've just got rickrolled by a video game."
"I've got a strut that's to die for. In fact, I don't need to use my left leg all that much. The right one does all the talking for me."
"I am drive."
"Why are my hands niblets?"
"I'm metamorphosing into a bug."
"No more memes. Forever. They are dead."
"I can't handle this. This is too soon after PAX. Am I dead?!"
"I go to PAX to make memes."
"The banana started vibrating violently when we hit turbulence and it looked like it was dancing."
"Why is everything funny now?"
"It hurts to live."
"That's not their tail they're helicopter-spinning, by the way."
"What is Link doing? Like, he's hitting puberty and it's like just getting weird, you know. And Epona is just there."
"The good thing about streaming is that you can dig yourself into a hole and then never get out of it ever again."
"I vote that we remove the word 'remove'. Change it to 'rove'. So let's rove 'remove'. So we can say 'rove'."
"Tucker, you're a fucking idiot!"
"I can just see someone that gets everything I say completely wrong. I would like to meet that guy."
"I know that half the reason you guys come here is because you need to hear the spicy memolas, memololes, mebabos."
"Weird is good. Just not when seizures are happening."
"I like watching skeletons have fun."
"I'm as much a fan of Vinesauce as you guys are."
"Even the moon cries for Sponge."
"This is the word of the Vine."
"And, uh."
"Kazuma-Kun!"
"This is great but you're wasting your talents on my butt."
"Let the naked vulture onto the door hinge."
"Right now!"
"We are all skeletons wearing human clothing."
"Unleash your inner skeleton, my friends."
"Yes, dig. Soft and strange. Let's do it."
"I'm a ghastbuster."
"I ain't afraid of no ghast."
"Muscle milk! Get swole!"
"Why is this guy keeping a cow in his inventory? Please, we need to start a petition for this man not to jostle his cow."
"Next summer: the blockbuster hit of the year: Vin Diesel starring in: Majora's Mask Movie."
"Featuring the career revival of: Macswoly Bulkin. In: Majora's Mask 3D. 48 frames a second."
"Alright, I have officially sapped all of the comedy out of this. That is how you know you are on Vinesauce."
"I'm a beautiful butterfly."
"Just enjoy life without turtles and porn of turtles."
"Everyone was talking about banan. It was in all the shops. Everyone was wearing banan-headpieces, banandanas."
"Fuck the winter forever."
"It's funny how my character name is almost perfectly reflective of the names in this game already. Hey Skubulbunt!"
"Bowtudgel. South-West Bowtudgel. South-East Bowtudgel! Oh my fucking god."
"The Thane of Vinecon? Vinecon?! Alright, get the ballpit."
"Ecrofirt? What the fuck is these names? Malerjusa. Silera blames Neptalisa. I don't know what I'm reading anymore. Neptalisa, Grupspah."
"Okay."
"Gaping pockets."
"It's self-aware, despite having no discernible lighting engine. It doesn't have lighting but, you know, it's got basketball players."
"Literally so much to do."
"You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears."
"You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one."
"I don't see death anywhere. I guess I'll just continue without him."
"You know the rules and so do I."
"We've got memed on."
"We'll never know what happened to D. Duck. We'll never know. And now I'm a little dead on the inside. Are you?"
"Classic Ispitatel."
"Dial an 800 number to open doors. Fuck yeah!"
"We're infringing on M&M's."
"Green is the tastiest new food. You heard it here."
"D. Duck can go suck a fuck."
"I'm now fighting M&Ms."
"Turn Auto Aim off? Auto Aim stays on because fuck you."
"I have the ability to finger."
"That's a nice face you've got there."
"Sleeping with flowers - that's my crime."
"What did I just create?! ... It's like 'Kill me!'."
"Yes! I levelled up hitting it with my cock!"
"There's that classic Luigi bulge."
"Arsst."
"I tried to make it short and sweet and basically utilizing just the boners."
"Here we go, comments. Babies everywhere."
"Is that KFC-flavored tooth paste?!"
"I know where you live. I will find you."
"I'm working on getting sick because it's fun"
"Well, there's a calculator in this game, guys. That makes it worth it."
"But the Rickroll makes sense."
"This, this is the future of transportation. But I just killed so many people."
"I like the blood wheels that you get after running over pedestrians."
"Oh, my murderous rampage gets even worse. Yes!"
"I may have gone too far in a few places."
"You can still Big Rigs all over the place but that's fine."
"It's got a burger on it. That's, that's cosmetic. Don't worry about the burger."
"I'm still waiting to meet Jeffrey the Skeleton."
"Burger limo is here. Don't worry."
"Is this, is this woman-woman relationship? Wo-man."
"That man just fell off a cliff but before he could fall to his death, he exploded."
"You can go fast if you're good. I'm not good. That's the problem."
"Every sound effect is farts."
"Gaming has come a long way, guys. Rotating limos and diarrhea."
"That's where the stomach is. It's where the face and the feet meet."
"Who usually calls angry bab?!"
"We've got hot news. Desu. Masu."
"Is Sponge breathing square asses?"
"Kick baby / go go go / kiss toilet / hormone / romantic / member gag / love baby / cooking"
"Boy body / deluxe / gag pants / smile / Duk / wow wow kiss / me member / birthday"
"Fart Jokes: The Game."
"This is like trying to vomit through the eye of a needle."
"This looks like New York City Bus Simulator mixed with Cat GTA."
"Young Captain Picard and his clones have decided to fight me."
"Condones. You've got to wear your condones before you do anything. Put them on before you go to a strip club."
"Eleven-year-old me would have found this funny for about twenty minutes."
"We've got a shooting range, guys. You know what that means. More shitty controls. Here we go. Um, is that a trampoline?"
"Baby, you can ride my trampoline / Baby, you can ride my trampoline / Maybe I love you"
"Three of the same people walking down the street / Singing doo wah diddy, diddy, don't play this game."
"If Knuckles has knuckles, then he can give a knucklejob."
"In the end, he was just an innocent frog, corrupted by the evil force of Majupa. Majupa has a sister called Fupa."
"There is no mask. The mask was a l-- I thought there was a Luigi mask!"
"We've reached a new low, my friends. This stream has reached a new low. Everyone clap. Everyone clap."
"I never doubted you."
"I'm just gonna go cry in the bathtub, whilst eating McDonald's Chicken Nuggets, combining both BBQ Sauce and Sweet & Sour Sauce."
"This is my contribution to mankind. When I die, everyone is just gonna remember Apple Dave and that's it."
"My tombstone is gonna have an engraved Apple Dave on it somewhere."
"Am I playing a video game that is connected to my bellybutton?"
"I am able to shoot, like, white ectoplasm but I am not entirely convinced it is ectoplasm, 'cause it's coming from my groin."
"Yo, is that pizza?!"
"I can't hear myself think. Zombie yiff?"
"The controls make no sense. I have to press Space to go backwards. I have to press Tab to jump. I'm afraid to press anyth--"
"I'm lost. I'm not lost anymore. There's the pizza. Best video game. Best video game."
"'Your Matrix Attunement was successful COUPLING FACTOR is in' Yup. No idea what that means but here's a flying pig."
"It just looks like I'm beating the shit out of a cat. ... Take that, asshole cat! That's what you get for not making any sense."
"Well, time to press every button."
"I guess, we'll venture deeper into it. Into the pizza cave."
"In the future, geese rule the planet."
"The geese went extinct 'cause I killed them all, with my bear fists. I ripped the fists off of a bear and I just used it as a weapon."
"Your goose is cooked, mothergoose!"
"My duck is from the future and he is here to cook some geese."
"Steve ventures into the labyrinth while Blues, Fiddle Blues plays circuitisiously. I don't even know what that word means."
"My woman got me by the balls! All the Blues songs into one sentence."
"I read the book of Nefer-- Nefertitty? Is this a Hobbit hole?"
"How can you judge that which makes no sense?"
"My third eye feels really, really open. My third eye feels cleansed. It feels... It's open alright. Something's open."
"I want to fill up my most deepest, darkest desires."
"I see Attention and there's a fucking dinosaur. So I'm gonna go ahead and download that."
"The things I do for this stream."
"Lust is loading."
"The town was dusty. I walked in here the same way I walked out last time: with a raging erection on my motorcycle."
"It's a hard night in hell and so am I."
"Which body are we going to overcome lust with? Maybe this one with the big, giant boobs?"
"Test the game for window mode. If it doesn't have it, good. Send it to me. Let me have it."
"Dost thou sense it? The cli--"
"Fly, Navi, fly! The fateo."
"All these signs. The signs are not even properly set. They are all tilted. Like I am."
"That's not gonna help! I need a sword not a blue chicken!"
"Coming this Sunday to Ocarina of Time: Vomit Drone! ... Brought to you by Muscle Milk!"
"I am walking on the ceiling of the dimension below me."
"I'm pink. I am now pink. And ten times more amazing. Oh, fuck. I lost my pink."
"This is like Cooking While Blackout Drunk - The Game. And you only win if you don't set your house on fire."
"Guys, public service announcement: Don't horse drunk."
"Link, please. Please! Stop drinking!"
"Link, now is not the time for your egg."
"You will have my respect if you can beat the game like this, which is worth exactly one hot dog. That's how much my respect is worth."
"Now a word from our sponsor Muscle Milk."
"My Sonic is sounding more and more like Sam Kinison."
"It almost looks like a game."
"Didn't think I'd be playing a game where I could land on lava as a seagull."
"Unfortunately Refracted Light Boulevard is not available, nor is Waluigi Vending Machine."
"My resolution is now 640 by 480. That's exactly what I wanted. Excellent."
"'To die without leaving a corpse... That is the way of the Garo.' And that is the way of the N64 technical limitations."
"'What is your favorite question?' is my favorite question."
"What's that shit that you get at carnivals? ... Fiberglass? Pink fiberglass."
"Throw the ball at the ball - my favorite carnival game."
"Just make everyone unhappy. That's the best way to do it."
"I'm still playing this, so I guess I'm not any better than the people who made this."
"I'm just gonna noclip through some of this, so we can get maximum exposure to the funnies."
"So there's Shrek. For all you memers out there."
"That is a Koopa. That's a slide whistle! All of the wacky is covered."
"Always dreamt of going into space in a cement mixer. Today is my opportunity."
"I don't pre-screen a lot of the things I stream."
"If you want to be an F-14 when you grow up, don't let anyone tell you otherwise. You can be a fighter jet if you so choose."
"They're completely content as the Nicholas Cage moon... crashes... down... to the planet."
"64 individual Dorito chips! All I got to do is accept."
"We've got jiggle physics. That's a +10 in some books and a -5 in others."
"Please download this EXE-file to claim your free Doritos."
"What is going on at Black Mesa where they just let Tigers roam free?! This is sensitive equipment."
"Geese are the stupidest creatures."
"You're not the real mayor. The real mayor would have given me a blo-- blo-- blub. Blumpkin?"
"No, I don't want to turn on Stickey Keys."
"Marios in the Half-Life test chamber while a dog is at the bottom right of the screen."
"Even with the power of corruptions you can't back out of something."
"I'm eggs."
"Super Mario World - The Adventures of Eggdick"
"I guess this is Bowser's home castle. Is this where he makes monster condoms for his Magnum dong?"
"Hello! Buns Tobogganin here with the weather. Go fuck yourself!"
"I speak goat."
"Remember that a sense of humor is most important. So, you know, kill someone, you're going to jail. Have a laugh about it."
"There was Magic Mushrooms in his underwear."
"My arms don't make much sense in this but I like it."
"So which of these 'Sonic' games is gonna end up being spyware?"
"It sounds like the MIDI is trying to be a song but can't be. It's whole life it's being told, it can't be a song."
"Dad won't let me be a song."
"Wh-- why-- why can I sho-- I can fly!"
"I had a Gordon in my throat."
"You have to straighten your body out, somehow."
"Stickey Keys. Yes!"
"This is actually how I drive in real life. My car is just flipping over on itself. Constantly."
"Stickey Keys! Yes, fun time guaranteed for all."
"And in the end, Stickey Keys was the end of me."
"Killed by Stickey Keys. Game O."
"I guess we're gonna go to jogar. Novo story mode."
"'Sonic Web Access Vista Compatible'. I swear that's the name of this thing."
"Is that an evil asteroid potato with a mean face?"
"Sonic with an eye-patch, a grizzled veteran. A single tear runs down his cheek. For he knows how many have been lost in the war."
"Here's a banana wearing a bikini. Shoot me."
"Will Ferrell plays Scrump Scrumpton."
"This music is giving me a hemorrhoid. I'm getting a fucking ear-canal hemorrhoid."
"You know, I would apologize again but at this point I'm just gonna say: If you're still here watching this stream, you deserve this."
"Spooks McShadows in the background there. Spooky gho-- Guys, spooky ghasts!"
"Oh, I think we might need a ghastbaster for this level."
"I've got to fight Mario at Peach's Castle as Spongebob."
"Why is Pikachu so much bigger than Spon-- Spank?"
"Spangleburt Baberdick, my favorite character in the Nintendo universe."
"I don't know who I am. I don't know who I am. Oh, wait. Now I do."
"He knows I need some oil desperately in my joints."
"Is 70's porn music apt final battle music? I think yes."
"I have not had so much fun since my audio crackle just now."
"My name is Skub."
"Inject amphetamines in your eye and you can see this in real life."
"Chunky, chunky thighs."
"There is no escape from banan. It will be here forever."
"It's just a banana without the last letter."
"I didn't specifically say: 'Oh, shit. Banan new meme, guys. Nu mem. Les start the mem banan.'"
"If it makes you happy, do it. Unless it's being a dick to other people and like, you know, killing people and babies."
"My hats off to you. I'm not wearing a hat but next time I wear it, I'll take it off and be like 'well, hats off to that person'."
"You knew I would know. You knew I would know that you would know that I knew that you would know."
"Odd seeing my face in there."
"Honkening has happened."
"This is the most duck experience ever."
"They can't resist my sensual mating call."
"This fucking guy is even louder when you are in his head."
"Dog confirmed for invincible."
"We need to improve our dog. We can upgrade our dog. This is truly the best next-generation game. Better than Call of Duty: Dogs."
"Unfortunately in the demo version you can only choose one duck. Uh, bird. Dog. Wh-- what? Dog."
"You need maximum spread for maximum dead."
"Oh, hey dog. Hanging out inside a wall? How does it feel to defy geometry and shapes?"
"I can influence the dog to vibrate."
"Something tells me Career Mode does not offer a better playing experience."
"We have achieved duck singularity."
"Do not remind me of the grapefruitin'."
"What's Michael Keaton up to tonight?"
"Well, now we know. You can eat heart pieces. You literally eat them and they digest into a new heart."
"We are just butts with green hair on our butts."
"I don't like what the stream has become. I'm pulling the plug."
"You do it and expect this amazing award, like Goat Link - you could become a goat... or a sword made of bees. You didn't get any of that."
"I was adventurous and then the internet came along and it was like: Oh, time to shittalk on the forums."
"There's only so much fun you can have riding your bike around the same fucking spots all the time, but internet, endless fun."
"I like the frosted, white lips."
"I like quality."
"That's how I drive too. I just jerk my arm in increments."
"Having a shitty day, scream at a leopard. It works every time."
"How naive of me to like something."
"Crouching butts, hidden poop."
"I realized I can do two different pitches of a duck noise at the same time."
"I've never seen a racist elephant. Fact."
"I'm tightrope walking, while twerk-scorpions below wait for a fight."
"I shall grat you Magic Powes as a sign of my gratitude."
"What maak do you think is the most ipootat maak in this game?"
"Muscle Milk should really, really get in touch with me."
"I could turn that Muscle Milk ... into a multi-million company, maybe even mutli-thousand Dollar company."
"Welcome to Das Mask. The number one club in New York City. We've got Germans, Bermans, Scrermans, Bert. We've got Maaks, Ipootats."
"We've got to send more memes to the Memelord in hell, who is probably just Reg."
"Try steering a freight train with your dick and you know what it's like to play this game."
"That looks like where the sauce comes from."
"In association with this JPEG of this Hooters logo."
"Hey, you guys need more reasons to hate Ubisoft lately?"
"I am not shittalking. I am talking shite, which is different."
"There's the Conga line of Yoshis, the human Yoshipede."
"Link is a mummy. He decided to wrap up his horribly disfigured face after a boating accident with Tingle."
"Oh, that was werewolves!"
"That's beans!"
"I got you / I'm hotter than a cashew. This is why Vinny doesn't rap."
"Kang Skelebones, the ultimate kang. The one who cannot feel pain, emotion or meat."
"You're supposed to cry when I look at you. Come on!"
"Zoras amuse themselves by efficiently breaking pots."
"Part of his mustache is missing. So clearly we're on the right track here."
"The camera is humping the screen. I'm not doing that."
"This is a good remix of this theme. It sounds like someone put a microphone up to a broken fluorescent bulb."
"I can't wait for this cool project to get shutdown too."
"You know that movie idea that I had for Majora's Mask? With Vin Diesel and The Rock. That was ... borrowed by Saturday Night Live."
"I have my finger on the pulse of what America or what the world would like to see as a movie."
"What future movies do I get to cast The Rock and Vin Diesel in? That's all I'm worried about."
"Agent Boulder."
"When Mayro met Mayro."
"That is a proper sequel. Everything is bigger and better, except the gameplay."
"90% of the people here don't know what I'm saying."
"We know the consumer wants more Assassin's Creed, so we're gonna release two on the same day!"
"The DS Zeldas do not need remakes, by the way. Don't mention them. ... Just let them become relics of a really weird experiment."
"You have to gently thumb the D, in order to race without crashing into everything."
"We have alligators. Enjoy your stay, fuckface."
"Right now, I'm Rock Diesel. I've been sent to protect the world from aliens. Only through a street race against Han ..."
"How many O.J. Simpsons are in Jacksonville? Seriously, do we need that many?"
"Guys, what the fuck am I playing?! I just had to walk away from the computer for a second."
"Custom. Roadtrip."
"I actually, really, really, really like Call Of Duty now, compared to this."
"I hear they actually got Bin Laden to do the voice acting for Bin Laden in this game."
"This is a 3DS game. I will be viewing this in maximum 3D for maximum babies."
"D'you ever wonder where the baby came from? / Pasta Bazuco in the Pasta Churri / We're gonna put a pasta baby in your belly."
"The things I do for love."
"Squids. Squids! Fuck squids! Except for when they turn into kids, as well. Then they're alright."
"Did I just pick up Luigi?"
"Why does the whale bounce?"
"Candy fist fist / is all that I eat / No one can stop Ro-bo-da-chi fist ffffffff"
"I've got the attention span of a fucking rhesus monkey."
"It's really grassy."
"I throw pizza!"
"I don't want to pull bones out."
"That's not a cool thing to happen. The bone rollercoaster contracting like that."
"It's just Luigi canons and rising lava."
"I'm not supposed to wash your eyeballs?"
"Capcom noticed that lately ducks have been mating a huge comequak."
"I don't know if I can handle any more memes."
"'Everybody fop' You heard the message."
"On a scale from one to ten I have to give it an apple."
"You mean to tell me, a 29-year-old man isn't the target audience for Imagine Babyz with a Z?!"
"Why does not the eyes allow me to feed?"
"What kind of message is this giving little girls?! That it's OK to astral project?!"
"That MIDI trumpet in my right ear can go fuck itself hard."
"Quality stream just for you. The trumpet knows."
"Did Toto eat my address book?"
"By setting the animal on fire with explosives I was able to, uh, establish a friendship. It was like a handshake."
"I still don't understand why my arm is able to do this."
"Hottest in feline companions."
"This is what it looks like when you hit someone with a knife. Your left hand just freaks out. Your right hand just stays where it is."
"Again, for those who've just joined us: Try to make sense of anything you're seeing right now, please."
"Hey, I'm the G-Man. Wanna see how I made? Come to the G-Man Factory!"
"Stream: voice crack city."
"If I keep blowing up computers I'm going to die."
"Level 1 is an ice level! With everything. It's just the kitchen sink has been thrown at me in level 1."
"You like sky bush?"
"Grab the nearest buzzsaw and apply it directly to your face, if you wish to fix the internet. Thank you. Have a nice day!"
"OK, we're gonna stop Boswer."
"Why is it spelled 'Joshi'?!"
"Being able to curb-stomp a dog is probably one of the greatest things that's ever happened to me in my life."
"Don't bring any P."
"What do you mean 'Marvel didn't create Vikings'?!"
"Why am I playing this if it's good?"
"It's me. Mr. Computer. Everyone's favorite Star Trek character."
"See? My underwear is beautiful."
"That guy is now elephantucking dead."
"Doubled the pipes! I love it."
"The old Slippery Weege is back in full effect."
"Time to use my assets, give him a few Benjamins. You know?"
"Did you know that Majora's Mask took twelve years to make and that's why it should get an Oscar?"
"Do we need anything? Other than fucking water and ass?"
"Bailey's Irish Memes."
"Ow, my life hurts."
"I like how the turnip just envelopes my body."
"Again, Mario is just staring at me from the distance."
"Blintendo has made this. They're very good. ... They made Super Mario 8, Super Mario 17, Super Mario 66 and 65."
"Game over. Toad loses. And so do we."
"I need to show you guys what's good."
"My favorite Mario Brothers character, Gabbie."
"Why is Mario just standing there, telling me 'peace'?"
"Do you like to watch games? 'Cause I think I have a few more game-- game-s."
"I'm Rick without even doing the Rick voice. This is bad. I'm turning into him."
"Voice crack mixed with burp. Not a good combination in front of 3000 people."
"Nice und laut. ... Some pretty sick MIDIs, bro."
"Finally, we have Mario 65."
"This is an underwater level. You can tell because the water is above me, in the form of a rectangular plane."
"Maburpo's Mask."
"Can a man love an elephant too much? Actually don't answer that."
"Whoever sent this to me, they knew what they were doing."
"I got this Toad game! Let's do this!"
"Look at this. Look how good it is. There's mangled text on purpose. It's got everything I've been avoiding for years."
"What is this bear screaming about?"
"Try to erase the memories of the things that we've seen this day, the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. Anno Domini Lord Bananagoku 2015."
"I'm gonna make that same joke four times in a row and you're gonna like it or you're gonna watch some competitive StarCraft."
"That should be a lose screen for a game: just Torrente's face."
"Sauce is just a weird word."
"Written by beloved folk treasure Dumping The Company, this one is called Across Your Nose & Up Your Twat, This Old Man Got A Baseball Bat."
"... what a psychotic person you're listening to stream. Thank you very much. Amen. Praise Jesus."
"Nice Cloochy And The Lieutenant reference, brapertino."
"It takes a lot of work to be this lazy."
"I didn't say these were gonna be good games. This is Vinesauce you're on. What were you expecting?"
"I am going to start an Airhead meth lab in my basement. ... I'm gonna be like Walter Whitehead."
"I hate to say it, but it's kind of werewolves."
"I had to give him the Spongle."
"Muscle Milk has been acquired."
"It's a shame I'm not a Sonic fan. I'm missing out on some high quality characters. High quality."
"I'm kind of curious. What does it look like when they-- Oh, no! ... This is a Christian stream and that is filthy. How dare you?!"
"What do Majorbo?"
#vinesauce #quotes , #quality #gaming #stream , #werewolves
#vinesauce #quotes , #quality #gaming #stream , #clownjobs
"I might be scraping the bottom of the barrel here."
"Tonight could be a cringe stream. Like entirely filled with cringe. And I'm not sorry. I am so not sorry."
"M-Morty, just because you don't wanna see it, doesnt mean it's not good."
"I am so sorry. To everyone."
"Things are looking pretty normal right now. In fact th-- OK. Nevermind."
"Link, stop jostling the tree."
"Suddenly music. For no reason."
"Ms. Hands and Giant Pig and Link Singularity."
"This is now 'The Legend of Zelda: Pig Waker'."
"I could easily make a white ink joke, à la Splatoon, but instead I'm just going to say it's semen."
"I look down for one second. I look up and there's a daisy chain of satanic children following me around. Please."
"You guys ready to mingle with Tingle?"
"We're, like, floating upside-down torsos with man-meat-muscle."
"Keep it weird. Keep it abstract. Keep it fractally."
"I bring the death wherever I go."
"How is this exists?"
"Disclaimer: This can get really fucking weird. This can get yiffy."
"The music stopped. The music gave up. The music did not want to have anything to do with this."
"This turned into a Sega snuff film."
"Someone's infringed right now. Someone is getting so infringed!"
"What are they doing to each other?! Why is there a pineapple?!"
"Tails, what are you doing he-- He just ate Tails! He just ate Tails!"
"Yes, I am a cat. That is actually my hand. I am a cat. Hello."
"He has no style. / He has no grace. / This plumber has tall, lanky legs."
"I don't know who I am anymore or why I exist."
";^]"
"Are you happy? That's all I have to ask."
"If you feel like fondling you can fondle right over there."
"Waluigi ... is Nintendo's official Sponge. ... Except he's got genie shoes and, like, an enlarged gallbladder."
"I've been texting with Eggman. I've been texting with Eggman!"
"I wanna watch this instead. This is better. Hedgehog movie."
"Amazing. When I say 'amazing' I mean: I've lost control of my life."
"You wanted weird. How is this for weird?"
"Gimme that booty. I need it. I need it now!"
"Let us mate. Let us create an offspring."
"Did a bird just magnetize to me?"
"I think a bird just killed itself because it saw me."
"Alright, Half Life will never happen 'cause they got a replacement for Gordon and he's dead."
"It's like an alien having hot passionate sex with Morty."
"The crowbar is a forklift."
"Hope you enjoyed that voice because it's not coming back."
"Wouldn't it be great if, like, everytime I streamed I had a wacky voice, like, the whole stream?"
"If a single person makes a Darude joke, I'm stopping this car."
"Vinesauce is coming to save the planet."
"Vinesauce is coming. And so am I."
"Turtle. Victory Turtle. Guys! Instead of fireworks we got a victory turtle! Yes!"
"A5 Rupees. Fod. Ma&ical Boomerang."
"That noise! That is beautiful on my earhole."
"Lower your volume."
"I'm pretty sure this is how Bangbus started."
"Be careful out there in this dog economy we've set up for ourselves."
"Is there any gameplay or is it just sniffing things the whole time?"
"Bongos and acoustic guitar - best friendship music."
"Dogs have dominion over cows. I just want to know how they milk them. That's all..."
"What am I looking at right now? Is that, like, blood pizza?"
"This whole level looks like something that came out of me, like, New Year's of last year."
"We go further down the blood pizza, the flesh pizza, the inside of the mind of a serial killer."
"I have to defeat my drug dealer with flame."
"Maybe I'm in a birth canal."
"I can't quite aim the baby into the flame."
"It's really easy to go over budget when you're trying to 3D-model prolapse."
"These is the voyages of the RP Enterprise. Her nipples: very, very rock-solid. Our mission: to boldly go where no lizard has gone before."
"Next pizza."
"It's just a big mess of pixels. ... I love it. I love it and I hate it and everything in between."
"What's that? Epic pixel zooms? Oh, man. Nah, I don't do those nearly as much as I should."
"Why do we need this noise?!"
"Hey, why don't you come over to my place? We'll get some goblets and chill."
"Exposed genitalia sprites."
"What's the point of life again? Goblets."
"I'm not sure why Duke sounds like a Russian guy from Milwaukee."
"I am shoot, alien, come from space."
"You shall drink with Douk."
"I have to collect all of these wretched faces."
"You show me Douk."
"Douk. Only fight. Only fight. I shoot. I shoot Noukem."
"My son dead. Douk. My baby! Douk!"
"Douk smoke five cigarette."
"Massive textures."
"The vine is gone!"
"Uh \ Uh uh, yeah \ Titties \ Rub titties \ Rub titties"
"This is your character. His name: Skulfod Blumbenkump."
"Do we wanna discover what Bowser's secret shame is?"
"Amazing face. Such a good face."
"Is it too late for sorries?"
"I quit smoking 3 years ago and yet my liver still hurts."
"I like that. It's called human music."
"We can visit the internet and watch epic, infringed Vinesauce GIFs and hot women with big baabs."
"If you wanna see the internet, go to Google, type 'internet'."
"There's the boobs. There's the bobos. Isn't that great?"
"The rarest phenomenon in life has occurred tonight in life, Crimelife that is."
"I'm suspicious of how I exploded so quickly and without warning."
"Look at this swim animation. It's like he's jerking off two imaginary clowns on either side of him."
"Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty good."
"Put the noodle in the other noodle."
"Welcome back. I have a TV, couch, table, for when I need to eat, stove, for when I need to cook, a box, for when I need to box."
"Sanus the Hedgehog."
"That's how you make street dialog. 'Bro' and 'dude' every sentence."
"Anatomically incorrect president."
"Please don't let me laugh."
"Siri, place order at Domino's"
"Now I'm a fucking destroyer of worlds. And now I'm on a bike. OK!"
"No more laughing."
"There is nothing that compares to Dontrel."
"Can we have Dontrel in Smash Bros.?"
"Of course, a dolphin's weapon of choice is tossing swords. You know this. I know this."
"I think it should be a government mandate to have an existence questioning session at least once a month."
"The government shall dub it Suicide Day."
"I'm ready for some nutshots. I am so ready to punch someone in the nuts!"
"I'm pretty sure people don't belong into intestines."
"Someone send help. I-- I-- Really, I'm losing my mind."
"This is a new record for me not understanding life."
"What do skeletons have to do with lust?"
"We will grotto."
"Mushroom burger, sad melty face, happy shwifty face."
"I was able to pray the small away."
"Am I goblet? Yay."
"Welcome back to the Vinesauce ASMR challenge."
"Allow saves? Fuck saves."
"I was betrayed by my own people, the vine people."
"Welcome back to Let's Play Super Mario Brothers. And I've got a microphone finally."
"There is no easy way to play a Mahrio game."
"Have you noticed how this game is very mushroom-centric?"
"Killed by sphincter fluids."
"I just ate 20 meats and I'm still a babby."
"Raise your right hand if you're attracted to skeletons sexually."
"More sexy legs balancing oil drums and rocks!"
"I'm in control of Baby Wheelchair."
"The only control I have is to make the baby rock out."
"'You talk too much.' ... Sorry."
"My entire hand covers your entire hand."
"Princess Swolestool."
"I saw a spider, so I got spooped."
"Satan is here to deliver."
"Satan, your voice hurts my soul."
"Dong is already aware that he's in a video game."
"Will she accept Sponge's twig?"
"We gotta do some quirky questions, guys. We gotta ask the hard questions."
"They have to try at least one smegma parfait if they wanna make it through clown school."
"Why does everyone on this island wanna kill baboos?!"
"He's very by the books. He is a Jahn after all."
"How is Tucker such an amazing rapper?!"
"I like this unceremonial vomit stain on the carpet."
"You may know him as KY but I know him as KY."
"Clusterfuck activated."
"Everything is a fedora."
"I needed that for later! Wha-- you f-- fuck thi--. Rage. The rage."
"Will Vinny ever stop getting sick? Will people that go to conventions take showers? These are life's questions."
"Memes are the new religion."
"Everything's fine. We're good. We're good. Alright. Now we gonna have to make it so that we're not good, though."
"Hello fellow kids, it's me, Hilary."
"Dump the cump mate, wank the manc. Alright. Just moanin an tha"
"No one wants to think about the end."
"Crackles, please."
"Netflix and Chillary Clinton."
"Sweaty disease nerd sweat flu."
"This is what sex looks like, guys. Allow to be me the, uhm, instructor for this evening."
"When a man is madly in love with a woman, he gyrates on her corpse until a baby is produced."
"Oh, wait a minute. I think she's dead. I didn't-- I didn't mean to do that. I'm sorry. I-- I thought we were in love."
"How does one get sick if not for getting sick by someone else? Germs were obviously communicated through someone into my throat hole."
"My popularity has decreased. Heavily."
"It's not filthy. I wash it once a year."
"Gave it the old slippery dick."
"Top!"
"Top! Kek! Mate!"
"Sponge."
"That's the last Top Kek you'll ever get on this stream."
"I bet Vineschnoz has some amazing snoring."
"This is Gordon Ramsay with raw news! Signing out!"
"The urge to yell 'Top!'."
"Oh, yes. I got Dongley Dog."
"At the rate we're going, I predict I'll be finished with the Expert Challenge in approximately 4 years, 17 days and 37 seconds."
"I gotta wait to be birthed first."
"I don't wanna be babby again. I never wanted to be a babby. I, I always wanted to be a lumberjack!"
"Can't you just, like, be happy for people when they like things? Imagine if everyone in this world liked the same things you liked."
"My fluid is your fluid. Always remember."
"Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing - Starring Gulman."
"So we're on Mountain 1. Fuck Mountain 2. Just gonna get some cat cash."
"Advanced dildo mechanics."
"I will be the first person to organize a stream-wide shit just to expell all of what we've heard today."
"You're tearing me apart, Karl!"
"Lamb Chop has fists on her mind."
"Gixoe Dagel."
"These boxes of tissues. Oh, I remember when I used, ah, tissues from each of those, for ... reasons."
"Do you remember when I prevented Alpaca's pregnancy?"
"Oh, fuck! Gabe Newell's fountain pen! From when he signed the executive order to cancel Half-Life 3."
"The glass ornament that pretzel gave me when I funded his stem-cell research."
"The foam hand that tingle gave me at the baseball game when we were under the bleachers and he used the finger."
"Oh, the diaper! Guys! How can we forget when I made Broccoli a baby and he shit green into the diaper."
"The twattiest of the twat. With the worst voice. Goodbye. Rest in piss."
"Love has come to Pretzel!"
"You want me? Wait, oh. That's weird. Alpaca, you got a husband."
"What is a butter cookie? What is that? Like, the rusty clam shack? The bumpy trombone?"
"Let me show you how I helicopter."
"Shia LaBeouf has been definitionsnitely educating the Islanders."
"Pee-wee Herman does skunt before he goes to his movies."
"Let's see if Peach is willing to extend the olive ... branch."
"That is a very punchable face."
"Satan doesn't seem like such a bad guy when you really, just kind of, take him on his own."
"See?! As soon as I came back; bad mood."
"Yo, I'm comin b!"
"One of these men views this dog as an object of affection and fun, and the other one views him as food."
"I don't know what to say anymore. About anything."
"I'm not the target audience for this series of games, Morty."
"My hands are sauerkraut."
"Are you looking at my sclomgdong?!"
"Eat the butterfly, Snake! Eat it!"
"Explode dong."
"Every now and then it fucks me without the courtesy of a reach around."
"Spazzing out controllers. The controller spazzing ou-- I can't move!"
"I got enough gator meat to last me at least, at least a week."
"The realism. Guys, the realism."
"Hey, that's my butt."
"Let us get swolen."
"The desire to lift goes well beyond physical abilities and strength."
"Noscope!"
"This looks like a job for porn."
"I am now a full and true muscle-butt gladiator."
"My muscles are exploding with anticipation."
"Why am I doing this? I feel so alone. I feel so alone."
"I want to see other muscle butts."
"It's just loud memes."
"Silly voices, top funnies."
"Embrace those ass muscles. Embrace those ass."
"Why is the owner of this gym a bald farmer?"
"Please! Please stop dancing! No! Not the Robot!"
"Good dance moves. Wipe the shoulders. Wipe the shoulders."
"Go to sleep / little friend. / Go to sleep / and I'll RP with you."
"Anal pain."
"Fuck me."
"No, Mario. I didn't tell you to do that, you fucking plumber!"
"Go fuck yourself! I don't know who can go fuck themselves but just someone, go fuck yourself, please."
"Look at his arm cylinders."
"Modern video games, the pinnacle."
"Do you know that movie X-Men ... with Huge Jackperson?"
"This is a utopian society, guys. The cops will not interfere with whatever bloodlust you have."
"Tucker, the developer."
"He wants to be a cop. So he just goes to the station and starts lifting things. So that he gets hired."
"Just look away if you have epilepsy. That's really all I can say."
"More buildings, more horses. I can't do this anymore. This is aggravating me."
"That is Star Trek V: The Search for More Money, The Search for Shovelware."
"I can't help but feel uncomfortable every time I hear baby noises in blocks."
"I'm hot and ready to spock."
"DTF. Down to ferengi."
"I figured out the trick. The trick is you gotta press the person. You gotta press them."
"I don't even have time to, like, muffle the burp."
"Sulu has nothing for me."
"Some fresh cringe. Hot of the presses. Straight for you guys."
"This game has jumped the cliff."
"Sorry, I curse a lot. Don't know if you guys knew that."
"The answer is not 'Spaghetti'. The answer is also not 'Stop, Vinny. You're making me wet.'."
"Nor can I escape from myself when I do stupid things."
"I like star things. Things with stars on them, things in the stars, little seahorses with stars on 'em, towels, towels with stars on 'em."
"It's already too late. Any professional credibility we may have had, it's just out the window. Gone."
"Explosions, miniguns, acrobatics, farts - everything you could ask for in a game."
"We gotta hack! Is there a hacking minigame? No, it's a 'HACK' circle. OK."
"That bird was a spy. I'm telling you, that bird was a vital target."
"Violence? What do you mean 'violence'? Just trying to get to work!"
"Famous last words: I'm gonna use a controller and see how well I do."
"Mediterranean trip around the world."
"Spaghetti! Cause everyone needs spaghetti! ... That's the advertisement. Just in case you were unaware of spaghetti, there it is."
"What if his name was Poctib from the beginning? You think Zelda would have as much popularity?"
"Poctib backwards is Bitcop."
"It's got great music and we're gonna listen to it getting completely fucking bastardized by ancient technology."
"I can hear remnants of the original song but the desire for alien techno is just too much."
"Bap bop bap beep bap bop."
"Mostly visual intact."
"You get trivia and fucked up music. How could you beat this?"
"Sounds like ... a dying wolf who drank pixels. Am I allowed to say 'pixels' yet?"
"This sounds like something you'd find on the MSX. Super Alfred Planet ... The character is just, like, Mario with a beard and he's blue."
"Let's begin the speedrun, shall we?"
"Thank you, purple Boba Fett. I'm not worthy of your presence. You're so cool."
"Apologies for the horrible sounds but then again, you're on Vinesauce."
"Ah, there it is! There's the fart trumpets."
"I swear on me Jacobs, I've got no idea!"
"I like to make up British slang. It's fun."
"We learned, we cried, we put bleach in our eyes. Our greatest fears have come to our ears and now we can no longer hear."
"Minimal speed, maximum noises."
"It's like a Transformer having an ejaculation issue. Oil dick."
"I am a space lobster stuck at the bottom of the level, shooting a variety of household objects."
"Lotion gracefully descends from the ceiling."
"My cheetah is strong and big."
"I can't not piss."
"Good face. Excellent forehead."
"Sun glasses? Weed hat? A dead body."
"... and that came out way less long ago. Way less long ago. Way less long ago. Say Uptown Funk you up!"
"Commencing cheap. Commencing cheap! Cheap-- Oh my god! It worked."
"When you get bored of words and when you say them stupid, it's kind of, like, it rejuvenates your interest in saying the word."
"They see me stanky / they hatin' / they lanky and got no style and no grace."
"High as fuck is an emotion."
"I just wanna get something to drink and, you know, expunge my lizard."
"I literally squeezed my pet lizard Randall until nectar came out of his pores."
"I will be at AGDQ 2016 with one of my famous speedruns of Glitch Life - Half Life - Kokiri Forest."
"I'm doubting that I'm really Sonic."
"Speaking of clowns ... you traumatized yet? Cause I am!"
"Don't do weird games. Not even once. Not even once."
"I've entered the portal of Europop."
"Is that what you're here for? Dildos?"
"Drop out of school."
"More movement that doesn't make any sense, connected by the thinnest of thin strips of flesh."
"You'd think I'd learn from my mistakes and not do that. I am nothing if not andcreature of habit."
"Before streaming tonight: massive drugs, lots of drugs, all kinds of drugs. I injected pot needles directly into my foot."
"I wanna know who did the sound design for this game. I wanna see how employed they were after this."
"Do Space Shuttles regularly take trips to Japan?"
"This is one of those streams that I don't think I want to start."
"Ideal waterpark is just pizzas."
"Depressed penguin with realistic human eyes has no choice but to squirt."
"Oh shit, bobbies. Oh no, guys. The bobbies are all over the place. This stream is about to get fucking banned."
"Look at your little face, Carl. It's perfectly round but you've got a little fucking volcano on your head."
"Strumpth."
"This is my kind of party! You got a skeleton driving, a frog with a chalice having a great fucking time next to me."
"This is your father speaking. Go to bed!"
"You need to eat as many dicks as I can grow on my arm, OK? And that's at least 7."
"We're friendly. We just want revenge."
"I have a button that makes me scream."
"Throw me in the trash!"
"I guess The Fonz and Snoopy are not members of NSYNC? I didn't know that."
"Come from space. Shoot lizarde. Use lizarde to kick."
"I've become what I fear most, which is aggressive pizza!"
"How much is a mustache?"
"Welcome to Infringement Island."
"Changing your horse size and shape."
"It wasn't a sex game. It was an attempt at making me believe in Jesus."
"You die and respawn just like everyone did in World War 1."
"Needless to say, it's like fisting a penguin with a cactus. Needless to say."
"Watch me thrust."
"Crunch. Munch."
"The operating word here is 'almost'."
"You know I only go for the best, highest quality clowns."
"I like how Trash is on the front page of Twitch right now."
"This is definitely laziness at its highest form, my friends."
"The chat is the tutorial right now."
"I swear I didn't smoke weed."
"This right here kills the user instantly."
"9 out of 10 is gonna be, like, OK. 10 out of 10 means it's good. 8 out of 10 is gonna be complete shit."
"Muh realism."
"Tell me how to live my life? I have too much nose?! Let me shave my nose."
"Forced fun."
"Why am I still playing this? Send help."
"I still have two pigs in my backseat."
"Look at my drawings. ... I'll do my own fan art."
"5000% phone calls, 0% video games."
"Fronking intensifies."
"My last name is not Rodriguez. It's Pizzapasta. Everyone knows that."
"This is some fronking right here."
"Could you be at max volume any more?"
"I am that horse. I am the Attention Horse."
"Spengbab's older brother, Baobab."
"I'm a duck. It's a real beak, I promise. And you're a duck and maybe we can just come back to my place and go to my Scoot room together?"
"Give me a duckjob in the bathroom, maybe?"
"There's a very high probability of vocal failure."
"I'm sorry about that. I couldn't mute fast enough. I'm OK."
"The anti-aliasing in this game is either non existing or in reverse."
"You gotta be squidding me."
"Everyone was slendering their bender."
"You're not here for comedy. You're here for video games."
"I should have like, a laugh track button, shouldn't I?"
"I was hoping for ear damage. Was wondering where it was."
"Scoot the dirt!"
"piku, BoBo, littlecrocodile and Mumleaf. Oh, my favorite Pokemens!"
"Scoot or die."
"The stream's gonna get banned cause we've got Bubsy booty."
"Let me show you the love face."
"This is Twitch. This is the internet. I can't say bad things like that."
"Oh, it's so meaty."
"It's trying to kill me because I made it live."
"There we go. Mating season. Yeah! Yeah, get squashed. ... Am I stuck?"
"Let me take you to the deep spoop of the computer web and try to turn this into something worthwhile."
"2 meat, 1 cup."
"Welcome to planet Vinesauc."
"Spider legs and Speed Luigi tongues."
"Alola Region. It's too much water. Shit out of 10."
"Everything was clowns."
"How interactive is that?! You guys get to imagine me brew a cup of coffee. ... Where else on the internet do you get something like that?"
"The most quality moments possible."
"Quality in quotation marks."
"Emanuel Blast is not actually a person."
"This man is a number of corpses at the same time."
"I'm a new villain, called The Corrupster!"
"Speaking of perfectly normal... Mhh. Oh. The ground is turtle shells."
"Good voice actor. Pepper on the ravioli. Very good. Quality."
"Just breaking dishes."
"You don't drive a horse? Horses don't have steering wheels?"
"Custard hacks."
"Custard power."
"Link's really thin lips."
"Voobo. Voobo please. Voobo unban. Voobo."
"Incoherent faux-Italian screaming."
"Waluigi and Wario burping into each other."
"I'm both crying and laughing, with my custard being jammed into my slots."
"Koopa's Spooopas."
"He who controls the salt controls the universe."
"Just Vinesauce followed by Vinesauce in between Vinesnauce and Pinesauce. What have I fucking done?"
"MarioKart 8! Starring: Iggy Koopa, Hulk Hogan, Pinesauce, George Clooney, the 1986 NY Yankees. And your host: the Statue of Liberty."
"Salt for charity."
"A single mushroom. Perfect for 10th place."
"Teenage Fanclub - I can't stop listening to this band. Send help. Send Nickelback."
"Completely salt free."
"Can I blame XSplit?"
"Let the salt flow."
"Buy MarioKart. It'll be fun, they said."
"Next is a game called Vinny Loses His Voice Again."
"Escape! Escape! Delete!"
"Oh right, I'm a swole duck now. Forgot about that."
"April showers bring May showers."
"If you're scared, everyone, just grab your Ralph Bluetawn body pillows and clutch'em tight."
"Muffled me in the distance."
"The shame that MarioKart brings to my family can only be erased by eating lots of ice cream."
"I'm using tilt controls!"
"This game's bullshit. They didn't secure the net lag for this version of this iteration of th--."
"Can I hold RB? RP!"
"Roy's Toys."
"It detected my curse word. What if a scunt is a type of vegetable? Whatever.'."
"Just made Field Of Koopas ten times more Koopa."
"And the voices. Like we needed the voices. Thanks Nintendo."
"Let me inject this with some hot beef. Let's see what happens."
"No way."
"The year is 1981. His voice definitely got a little higher as the years went on, but he started out as a Danny DeVito."
"This is turning into RP."
"The year: 20,000."
"This was scary when I was a kid. Now it's just puffy."
"The keyword here today is 'puffy'."
"Oh shit. Did my tiger drown?!"
"I wouldn't be a barber unless I made at least one customer blind."
"I got business in space."
"Buy somethin' nill ya!"
"Through miracles of rubbing alcohol I was able to do this."
"Ityyyyangerous!"
"Dspread before hi. Dcream."
"Push start buston."
"'Vinny, you passed it.' ... Oh."
"I can no longer jump. I can only smack."
"Potato Man is a funnier character than we ever had."
"Loud MIDI time."
"I feel smart. I feel... I feel stupid again."
"There's Men in Black telling me to forget that I saw, like, at least 4 Ayy LMAOs."
"No bevis. No vibes. No bevis. No bevis. No vibes. No bevis. No bevis. No bevis. No vibes. No bevis."
"Groping grannies' butt."
"I don't know if this a good game or bad game or just memes."
#bee
"Here's the liquor cabinet, everyone. It's time."
"For your health-- realth"
"Closeup on John Accurate, Space Marine."
"This is the Yaoi section of the library, huh? Good library."
"Ah, George Washington. First President of England."
"People don't lie on the internet."
"This stream is no longer brought to you by Pepsi."
"Hey gamers, do you like to get fucked in the throat? If so, check out our new Mountain Dew flavour: Cock!"
"Why you do?"
"Nice of the princess to invite us over for dinner, but where the fuck is she?"
"Ms. Potato Head is going to give me Ms. Potato head very soon."
"All hearts will be tossed"
"Splurge for the Spang."
"Call of Duty: Bikini Bottom."
"I kinda just wanna see what Sponge looks like wide."
"Grabbing a sponge nose right now. Questioning my life decisions and choices."
"Move ... from side to side! Come on, it's time to get bored of video games"
"Scroargt."
"You should go to Binesauce instead. ... The main streamer is a little less sick."
"Slap me again, please! Beat me! Whip me."
"You're not going to get crispier, more precise pixels than this."
"Is there a society for the righteous treatment of bodacious coughers?"
"It's Iggy? It's Lenny? It's Morty?"
"Do you know who else is way cool?"
"Edge-ucation."
"Nintendo is a) only employing giant dogs and 2) Nintendogs 2 confirmed?"
"The only thing spooky here is a tree in the Goldsource engine."
"Go fast! Scream! Collect beans!"
"No clown is innocent."
"Why do friendly clowns have knives too?"
"Please Half-Life, let me live my half-life."
"Your name: John Mulder, UFO Marine."
"I like weird babies."
"Conspiracies and clowns, here on Vinesauce."
"Too many RPGs."
"Let me live my death."
"Skeletons are dicks. Ghosts are tricks."
"I spent years in bridge schrool."
"Bridges as god intended."
"Hundreds of horses died at your expense tonight."
"Minor key Kirby music and needle noises."
"This is where the Tubby Custard is made."
"The flesh custard has spilled."
"I was pouring the custard."
"I am erro."
"Super Dongly Glog 2."
"Nickelback level of quality."
"Very briefly thick."
"Purple turtle, purple turtle skin, purple people-eater, one-eyed, one-eared, one-armed purple people-eater."
"Yime."
"The crackles feed my soul."
"Top fucking bloke. Top! Man!"
"I'm going to make my peace with Sonic, I swear."
"Ernie reached through the computer and choked me."
"Everyday we're breaking someone's fucking plates."
"You may call me vanilla, but always, always 'Link'."
"Isn't that kind of a terrible frize? Prize, not frize. I'd rather have fries."
"Ganions minions."
"Only filthy if you have a filthy mind."
"1) quail, 2) hot dogs, 3) hamburgers, 4) cheese, 5) melted onions on a grill of cheese."
"Do you know who Wboy Bebop is?"
"I'm an elitist. I only watch movies in 4.5 fps."
"One more time."
"Fucking Mount Crenando."
"Gimme a chance to make my mistake. ... God knows there will be many."
"Oh, it's me, Donkey: Shrek-Bono! Lay your head on my breast."
"Generic fake Smash Mouth."
"The dash for trash - we don't have to go very far. We're already there."
"Groundbreaking audio-visual entertainment."
"The assumption here is that videogames are supposed to be fun."
"How about instead of me playing these games I just sit here and stare in the camera?"
"Do you want big smile or bigger smile? Those are your choices."
"It's 3:36 in the morning and I'm making a carrot dance."
"Time is an unfair mistress."
"I like Voyager now that I finished it and, you know, never have to watch it again."
"Just ragdolls in V A P O R W A V E world."
"I'd rather just be a dead skeleton at this point."
"Hey Danny DeVito, can you help me figure out how to get back to the world of the living?"
"If you are named Mitt you have to let me know. So that I can ban you."
"Bluetawns are a very, very good workout routine. I recommend them."
"Wanna fuse?"
"Just love adding H to the beginning of words."
"The world is not over yet. We got at least another 10 years before that happens."
"This should work, I say, as my chariot explodes into a vortex of gravity and time and space."
"Again, it's just a mass of meat."
"This tactic is fucking cheap and I love it."
"Chicken Man Man vs. Chicken Man Man vs. Chicken Man Chicken Man Chicken Man Man."
"Somehow, there was so many chickens that the game was unable to remove them all."
"Mods, can you ban me? I'm breaking the rules of the stream."
"Zamboni once told m--"
"More of that first-person 3D Unity ... platforming that I'm so fond of."
"Sorry about that. I almost played the entirety of Half-Life 1."
"20 FOV? Alright, you guys like this?"
"Just scientists doing science things guarded by Barneys."
"Someone in chat vs. member of chat. Who will win?"
"Good old government-sponsored fun."
"Quality ventilation. Here at Black Mesa."
"Turok was just Fog Simulator."
"I'm delivering an unprofessional stream. My boss is going to be on me."
"There's inevitably going to be people here that have no idea what the fuck a Chubby Code is."
"Get me into the meme machine!"
"I don't even want Half-Life 3. I want Ricochet 2!"
"Yeah, I'm gonna do a Quick Save on 3 HP. That sounds good."
"I'm master at video games."
"Scoot, I'm sorry. Please, bring me back to Heaven."
"This stream is not good for anyone."
"From Windows 93 directly to the internet."
"You guys should like, subscribe, retweet, subscribe, retweet. You should retweet, retweet."
"If you don't like the tweet within the next half hour, I will in fact be dying."
"Interactive 3D real-time blast-processing gradient mapping."
"Hey Tingre, it's me, Pinkre. Welcome to Half-Life Facility."
"Further Down the Toilet - Vine Inch Nails."
"Here it is, everybody! The memes you've been looking for."
"Cubes hurt."
"I'm gonna give my stream away. Who wants it?"
"Gordon Freakman was the final nail in the kaufman."
"Fate has ordained that I must be listening to the Sticky Key sound for the rest of my life."
"Cool game. This makes me want to rip out my spaghetti."
"You poor people have to deal with me."
"Turns out, this whole time Homer was married to Brian Johnson of the AC/DC."
"Despite the sick MIDIs and everything, I think I've had enough."
"I'm detecting scientific inaccuracies in Mario 3."
"You get a month free of Vinesauce Toilet."
"I have an executive toilet in my house. It's next to the jacuzzi. The Jack-Cuzzi."
"I'm zero high, actually. I'm just naturally the worst person on the planet."
"How many levels have I wished fuck upon?"
"It's for your enjoyment, not mine."
"Is anyone here older than me? Please say yes."
"Oh, fuck off with the bee shit."
"Let's just print as many Zorkmids as we need."
"I did it! The bug porn industry is booming!"
"There's a Tingle named Larry David Jr."
"All of my voices are a variation of Meatwad."
"It's a good thing I have some pretty fucking diesel virus protection."
"What's Ishtar? What's that? What do you mean?"
"The Grilch that stole Chriblus."
"Grunts, David Byrne noises and this fucking music."
"The grafisk. The graphic."
"It's Always Seinfeld in Philadelphia."
"This stream is brough to you by Verizon Pilkington."
"The corruptions got worse and so did everything."
"John Santa, Claus Marine."
"Kogn."
"Turns out I never liked video games but they tested well with the focus group."
"Tonight we're playing No Signal."
"Mario Kart 8! Starring: Mario, Toad, Mario!"
"Salt having propelled me so far into the fucking Solar System; never to return."
"Let's do Marlo Kart."
"Good. That's what I get for honking."
"3, 2, 3, 4 / 4, 2, 3."
"These men are pawns!"
"Scum. All of you."
"Speaking of travelling the worlds, let's see--Yo-oh-nan-da-deh-bo!"
"I'd like to see a Flintstone's thing without the chat gets spammed. That'd be grand."
"Scoot looks glorious at night."
"I just told my brain to leave the Toad area and was pleased when the brain obeyed."
"Be the disaster you want to see in your life."
"Haha. Whatever. Move on. Next question."
"If you don't want memes you can avoid them, but I'm importing them at the rate of 1 meme per ms."
"The beauty of the Speed Luigi."
"Smooth like a newclown's nose."
"If my quackulations are correct this should be enough."
"The ballpit awaits."
"The sound of metal crashing into the ground. Just what the doctor ordered."
"If you behave you get your memes, kids."
"Are we people or are we salt flats?"
"Dongleymemediekill."
"Eat your nans."
"Oh fuck! Surprise clown!"
"Do you know what happens in the ballpit?"
"Bob Nintendo called me."
"Fuck the fuck off please, Waluigi."
"Homeopathic Medicine, one of the least favorite Brothers."
"I'm so sorry for exposing you to this rubbish."
"The year: 1994. It is the future. Ben Franklin stares at you."
"Yes, Bullet Bill. Best drive in Mario Kart 10 2012."
"Action Ass demands that you adore him."
"There are some puns that don't need to be made. I am learning this."
"Don't deposit me into grass or in front of a frog."
"Lightning only. Spend the entire match small. Fuck you."
"Used mushrooms."
"A rousing game of Pong."
"Orange you glad I... Nah."
"Escape exits the game which is the best button."
"There is no way I can buy cash."
"Half man. Half horse. Half machine."
"Fhthrusft."
"Take a shot everytime you hear the glass break."
"This is the best music I've ever heard. My nose will be short."
"I enjoy the people inside the camper getting fucked up from my terrible driving."
"I wanna get crushed."
"Your name: Gorbang Freeban."
"If it didn't control like a microwave stuck on my penis, then I might be inclined to unlock and do some of these things."
"I'm avoiding corn analogies if possible."
"This stream was brought to you by Crust."
"This is fucking special trash."
"You never know when you're gonna need quack.wav."
"Is that a toilet? Fuck yes! It's a toilet."
"You are not the fireflower father. ... The flyer father."
"It was like an empty balloon, like an empty, thick balloon."
"Yes, metal is on the periodic table of elements; ME."
"All the best horror games have Hotel California in them. You know this!"
"Cool wind in my hair!"
"Hotel California keeping you company."
"Neil Breen exhibits more quality than this."
"It's both long and short."
"The exution of quality."
"Just ruin some more childhoods. Childhoods? Childheed."
"What's this? What's this weapon I have here? A waterpark sign."
"What the fuck just came out of this?! Meat?"
"Best buddies forever. They came out the womb together."
"You fucking Nazi cuntrags."
"This is Turtle Zone. Welcome."
"Just because I got a mustache that looks like a smiley face doesn't mean I'm smiling on the inside."
"Endless trash!"
"DM me on Twitter and I'll send you some stuff. Some codes to find Patty Mayonnaise."
"I promise this stream won't just be menus."
"I promise this stream won't just be menus."
"'Made with GameMaker Lite.' That's an interesting story element."
"Please do not destroy my stream, Mike Stoklasa. Please."
"I just wanna watch my Night Court tape."
"Wait a minute. I have a human arm!"
"It's me, Knuckles! Hey, check me out! Wow! So cool! Why do I have Sonic's voice? Dah!"
"Maybe I should go into construction. At least I'd get strong."
"Your name: John Pacman, Eat Marine."
"I'm a big fan of the original Plaque Man."
"It's amazing how much you can do with an echo effect."
"Macswoly Bulkin? ... He's too swole to control."
"Zip Zoo."
"Exclusive Breath Of The Wild Luigi Hat. Very cool. Very cool."
"No, you do not knock over my ducks!"
"The Vinesauce condom that I convinced Nintendo to put in the box."
"My warmor, well, cotton. That's protective, right?"
"I wonder what's for ... No."
"He's fucking tall. I didn't realize. What-- What is-- What is going? Is Link just really short? Huh."
"I believe in you. I don't. It's a lie. Some of you. Half."
"Give me your games, Nintendo. I can sell them. With curse words."
"As you all know, class, triangles are the best way to build bridges."
"Step right up."
"I'm taking a layer of clothing off. Don't get too excited. It's just a shitty flannel."
"I know the whistle button. Trust me."
"Calamari Ganon? Now I'm hungry. Thanks."
"Why is Lakitu telling me how to live my life?"
"Each time I die I have to eat another Wasabi Kit Kat. How does that sound?"
"Always gotta challenge yourself. Strive for greater things. Shoot birds."
"I don't wanna work out. Can you just give me a core-strength increasing banana?"
"No animal knows hate like a goose."
"Have a drink on me and this Korok. I'm not gonna pay for it."
"It is the future of video games! It is looking around without any kind of physical input."
"No one was cosplaying as me which was bueno."
"Esports merch!"
"Fucking skeletons, man. Ruining dreams one dream at a time."
"Spock, wake up. I have the sword you wanted to see."
"I have to know if ducks contain meat."
"Ducks confirmed for meat."
"I should go outside. Go for a walk. Get arrested. Talk to myself loudly. You know."
"What character in this game are you not sexually attracted to, chat?"
"It's like a walk-in wank pantry. ... Here's the kicker: no access to the internet. Sorry."
"Y'all'dve gone to the supermarket."
"Mayhaps."
"Whomst'll have shat in my left boot / had I left it / out in the open."
"Anything you have ever done wrong since you were 3! Again? Can we skip that one?"
"This is not just a neverending pile of trash babies."
"You have to do the Mario but first you have to extend the trunk."
"This is the kiddy pool. There's a lot of pee in the water but now it's freezing."
"If you're looking for smooth movement, go find a rapper called Smooth Movement cause there's not going to be any here."
"Is Vinny playing? Reverse mouse up and down axis."
"No freedom. Only shoot."
"This is not the exit! I repeat! This is maybe the exit."
"It's meat. Possibly rat. Goddamn right I'm gonna eat that."
"I said I was gonna stop saying 'banaynays' but it's so-- it's fucking hard, OK?"
"No video games allowed on this stream."
"Fucking how?! You were sleeping! I wasn't even that loud."
"gg easy."
"There's some vinesauce under the crib."
"Everything I've ever known is gone! Mario! Brooklyn! The Princess!"
"He looks like he's proud to be constipated."
"They were bad jokes and in bad taste. Please deal with it."
"Video game streamer is synonymous with Minecraft streamer."
"Have you played the new Zelda or do you just not like video games?"
"I didn't mean to kill it. I just wanted to ride it."
"Do you inteed to waap alonee?"
"There's no way to put an apple back on a tree, right?"
"Don't make me do the cocaine and bell peppers trick!"
"You can hold the throat in a position and then you can do other stupid things, like corrupt."
"This is your throat on drugs."
"One in the Link. Two in the pink."
"The results came back positive. You're a clown."
"I'm sorry to say this, Mr. Vinesauce, but you have clown DNA. It's terminal."
"Ah, yes. I'll have 100% Beef ... a MicFuckIt ... and a MicJape, please. Thank you."
"In the dark something distance. Something. Welcome to the Hotel California."
"I wanna see Spock punch a whale; like a CG whale."
"I appreciate everything you've done for me. And also, get fucked."
"Castlevania - Symphony Of Garbage."
"Let the expansion begin."
"Fuk the pain awa."
"Six more months of Zelda? Try seven."
"Forget Ganon. Link needs to be stopped."
""
"You trash-eating son of a bitch."
"Just trying to stay up to date with all the memes."
"Vinesauce Cereals; and the price is always kazoos."
"It's so hot here the fucking pieces of lizard are burning."
"Just imagining this in VR is making me ill."
"I can already, I can feel the memes in the chat."
"I hate it already. That is poop. This is the most amazing thing I've ever played on the stream."
"Your name: John Gorilla, Space Marine."
"I was expecting Gorilla memes but those are long gone."
"Don't start pronouncing words with additional Hs in them."
"Schüt Gunfiniti. That's his name."
"Fuck original music. Just get a MIDI."
"I have no problem aborting when I need to."
"This is educational."
"Sunday stream canceled forever."
"It's in 4D stereo. I can hear it all the way through my dick."
"Tactical penguin mission begins."
"All you have to do is put an echo effect on something and it's extra funny."
"Throw me in the fucking Nerd Coffin."
"They are walls that look exactly like the same."
"I feel like a universe is born everytime I punch."
"Maybe if I punch enough I can get out of this situation."
"We need 200cc of Mario Kart."
"I knew it. I knew it. I needed 3 1080s. Fuck!"
"Do you think when God created the uh-- What did he create again?"
"Blart Barb, Park Carp."
"These walnuts look like my grandfather's. Disgusting."
"Cause combustin makes me feel good."
"I sing gibberish lyrics ... and then that turns into songs and then I keep going and I don't stop blinking."
"I don't stop blinking and I just keep going."
"I've been on the internet a couple of times. At least two. At least."
"Gobon City wherebecink Gobon live."
"Orangutan mountain. I wanted to say something totally, totally random just to prove I'm still alive."
"I'm not saying 'cunt' anymore. ... Until I get angry next."
"I know you need a sweet vaycay from all the heat every now and then."
"Yeah, fire your fucking gecko beam."
"You're not supposed to nut for garlic bread."
"Dokney Kogn."
"You wouldn't want to help someone drown cause that'd be weird."
"Do you know about competitive tickling?"
"The bird is the word. I feel like such a loser saying that."
"Viewer beware! You're in for a scare."
"I'm on, like, a Korok-high right now."
"Where's the Koroks? Where are they? I know they're real."
"Oh my god. The Korok-high is real."
"I don't know why Sonic is now addicted to Koroks. That's life."
"I have contempt for people that don't like this game, so I stream more of it."
"Now we Link."
"Now it is time for father-son bonding. Bond with me, Jimmy."
"I found my true love at the pond too. ... And then killed it."
"This game is, like, 13 louds on the Richter Scale. The Andy Richter Scale."
"That dude was just contemplating his existence for a moment. He knows he's in a forklift game."
"I entered the cheat code. However, it just takes us to the next game."
"I just want to run over Larry David. I couldn't do it!"
"Time to kick some gum and fuck some ass."
"Yeah! Piece of cake. Yeah! Piece of cake. Yeah! Piece of cake. Yeah! Piece of cake. Yeah! Piece of cake. Yeah! Piece of cake."
"The Clown Motel. Stephen King stayed here one night."
"Please be beautiful."
"What is going on in that cat's undercarriage?!"
"Dry Bowser, he goes in dry."
"This is part 2 of Dongley Nog - The Game, The Experience."
"Hey dudes, jump in my jet n' ji-- clive."
"Do you think Shigeru Miyamolineux had anything to do with this game?"
"The high degree of impatience is not helping."
"We clenching yet?"
"I don't think you can just name something Klampon."
"Hey dudes."
"I want the guitar clean."
"It becomes a struggle to say the word 'clean'."
"This is why memes ruin lives."
"Don't do memes. Don't try them. Don't inject them."
"Birthed, born, same thing."
"Before Lara Croft, there was Gas Girl."
"I'm gonna riot cause they let dogs in this cat world."
"Knowing when to run away is a good thing."
"Prepare for ramming speed!"
"Unskippable vomit noise."
"You swung your arms around, from side to side. Come on everybody. Let's do the Luke Skywalker."
"Looking at myself while in myself."
"Ah yes, a whole one choice. Excellent."
"I'm gonna be 90s."
"Don't make me read numbers. I'll screw it up."
"8, 9, 10 Spartans have been killed at the hands of the penguings!"
"I have a slimy controller. Be right back."
"Some of these bosses are a little easy when yo-- Fuck!"
"Talk shit, get hit."
"It's only a save scum if you load it."
"This is a fucking extensive Adam's apple for something with no face."
"Sega, can you hire me? I'll make characters for your Sonic games."
"Motion controls were a huge mistake."
"After Tomadachi Walrus needed a new job."
"At least he's got collision detection."
"This is how Harrison Ford lands his planes."
"The simulation to end all simulations."
"This game needs Koroks."
"So what are we doing here? Is this the mating call?"
"The BBC would like to apologise for the preceding joke."
"Why would I ever want less elk?"
"I've mastered the art of not making sense and yet I am still confused. Who would have thought?"
"I guess when you're a continent, seasons move very quickly."
"I'm The Big Bang?! That's my nickname now."
"Phil Collins was right. I can't dance."
"Just take a screenshot at any moment and you have an album cover."
"Sick blumpkin sick blumpkin sick blumpkin sick blumpkin..."
"Corkscrew tampon. ... Sorry."
"Nah, it's mental, mate. Yeh."
"Use caution. Wide loads. Gonna make some babies now."
"I'm the only wide building in this city."
"When I become a tombstone and I have a baby tombstone, does that mean that someone dies?"
"This is the moment the universe has been leading up to: Space Pizza."
"Someone should call the president of video games."
"I have control over your fate, your destiny, your emotes."
"It's a speedrun tactic. It's called deathboosts."
"I'm on my way to AGDQ. This is the training stream for it. Make no mistake."
"I'm gonna shit myself into a new chemical."
"I'm gonna make it so that YOU have to vomit on the rug during Mario Kart."
"Someone's giving, really like, a killer flapjob."
"The only winning move is to not have a microphone at all."
"DUDE ACUD ... DUDE ACID*"
"Ya wanna go to the 1cc kart race?"
"Every button blows a kiss."
"Scoob. Scooblebup."
"It'd take something like this to get into Top 10. My face with terminal depression."
"I don't even know the context of these quotes."
"Let's see if Mayor Vine can do mayor fine at Mario Ka--."
"When he was in The Police he was Sting. Now he's just Stong."
"I couldn't scoot the burbs properly."
"If my computer explodes and you never hear from me again, it was a good run and it ended with videogames."
"Phil?! Phil Connors?!"
"Vin Diesel sounds like he's swallowed rocks."
"What are you eating? A collection of ingredients."
"Guy Fieri Sea Food Simulator 4000."
"Flail your arms from side to side. / Come on! It's time to do motion controls!"
"Cancel the subscription to Comcast. It's just channels upon channels of monkeys."
"This is natural. Just as god intended. Natural monkey interactions."
"Fidget spinner are the vape of 2017. You can leave the stream now."
"I'm dying in an anti-humour vortex right now."
"I'm dying in an anti-humour vortex right now."
"Why is this funny?! Is it cause of how late it is?"
"Where's the condom inflation where I get to put it over my character's head and Guy Fieri's head pop it?"
"Guy Fieri tackles you and strangles you with his big meat paws."
"Now that is some THICC thighs."
"That's mental. And tips their hat."
"Your name: John Yoshi."
"I'm gonna format my thumb."
"So much to look at. So much to do."
"Two clowns is better than one."
"Bagyoquoiga!"
"Oh, this is good. This hurts."
"Time to meet another wacky character played by fake DeVito."
"Please enrich my life with more shrooms."
"Amongst whom'st will'st say'st thou things't."
"There's two balls in the pit. Step right up and take a shit."
"I have underwear on. OK."
"Instead of piss you can shoot ... jizz, which is a form of music in Star Wars."
"Dog vs. Shrek. Dog wins."
"I'm in this for the MIDIs now."
"I got a couple of WEBMs. Maybe more than a couple."
"Stop and get some help."
"Let me do you a meme and then we can stop this nonsense."
"Just after you're done vomiting you can gain some of your juice back with Mr. Dink."
"I can't really listen to The Doors without thinking about salami now."
"Keep up the good work. Don't be like me. Stick with it. I know it's difficult. You can do it."
"You are the Cobra Commander - John Edge, Edge Marine."
"Han Solo is a funnier character than we ever had."
"My wife, my babby, my cousin ... my cousin Spouk; they have all been abduct by alien who invade Los Angeles."
"My wife, Doukette. My babby Doukk."
"My uncle, Bouk. He's a librarian."
"I remember the great alien invasion from 2010. Absolutely mental."
"I use alien gun to shoot alien gun."
"This entire game collection is a fucking virus."
"These Sunday streams aren't good for my health."
"That's me streaming. Just empty bowls of ramen piled up next to the desk."
"Watch my jelly bean autofellate himself."
"More fun than a barrel of stolen assets."
"Behold centuries of thrust. Nothing stoppin', nothin' ya bum. Long have I pondered life's mysteries. The reason I thrust establishes generations of children. Procreation, masturbation, sensation -- Woohoo! Why are you beholden my dick?"
"Bustin' rhymes, doin' crimes forever. That's no way to live prehistorically Time keeps turnin', mimes keeps yearnin' for freedom."
"Eternally screaming in desperate futility."
"Thirst quenching, burst clenching, gripping my forty-five. Click-clack, break yourself piece of that kit-kat bars, motherfucker. Money, money, please help me get money, honey bunny. Thenceforth hereby, I require copious money to pay taxes."
"Fraud prevention, borad intension extension -- woohoo!"
"This doesn't solve boredom. It causes it."
"Stahp!"
"Wow. Those are some smooth-- Ass. Sprite. Animations."
"You're contributing to yot culture."
"You have to discover the optimal place to take shits."
"You can control the poo, but you have to figure out where to best leave the poo."
"I shit until I had no more shit and then I kept shitting. ... That quote won't be taken out of context, years from now."
"Say 'yot' again, motherfu--!"
"I think she also said something about eating ass?"
"Time to stay hydrated."
"The language barrier makes this even better."
"Artdink again! Well, hello Douglathf--F!"
"D. S. L."
"So you wanna help me charge my crystal? I got plenty of imitation crab meat for both of us."
"The time has come for them to meet on the pizza."
"Cloud is de-ad."
"I'm also very good at going the wrong way."
"Let's just keep getting high, while Baby Mario dies."
"Oof."
"This game controls like a wet fish sliding along an escalator."
"Speaking of porn, that's just his lower antenna for detecting items on the ground."
"Let's go down to teenage Spock / dump your nose and ticking clocks."
"Mario and Luigi at Tanagra."
"The Princess is a permanent guest!"
"Well, that was not a very solid snake, was it?"
"Oh, no! He's rejecting the gherkin."
"You will eat the gherkin and you will like it. Else you'll get the Solid Snake."
"I've got an ambulance waiting outside for me, just in case."
"I'm not racist, but ..."
"Itami no ishi."
"That was my toad, Toad."
"The reason I thrust, the reason I must."
"The riddle was several times unnecessarily more complicated due to years of malpractice. So Doctor Funky failed his dissertation because no one told him he couldn't finish on her. So legally crippled, he sought after her treasure."
"Ho, land! Ummm, did you, I... I'm sorry. Ummm drugs."
"They were separated by acid-infused hysteria. Night came without halt, like a rhino from Holland. So dirty. So clean. Trouble arose from the depths of symmetry. Meat undulated towards us. Solved uncannily. No more malpractice.﻿"
"Time freezes when I sneezes. Achoo! Where the road leadses."
"Turn around now! I forgot my pen is huge, can't fit in my breast-pocket."
"Nathadniel me. Dinosaur brain small. Nathadniel smash pen breast-pocket. Give Nathadniel storage so me forage for shiny forty-five. But if you thrust, trust you gut."
"Bust, if you thrust, but why?"
"Flattery will get you everywhere. Briefly."
"Do you get Arak-noyed, when I say 'Araknoid' instead of 'Arkanoid'?"
"I showed you my ghost. Please respond."
"Hi, I'm here for petting."
"Full bloom. Just in case you liked seeing, let me get rid of that for ya."
"Am I a cat?"
"For how much there is, there's a lot more that isn't."
"Two senior single tickets. I did it. Oh man, I'm getting a hang of this!"
"Dating plus grabby things?"
"Man, video games. They're just-- There's so much of it."
"Ever so slightly less dead."
"Yeah, that's death. All in the name of vanity."
"Bart?! Boy?!"
"If it's not fun, why bother?"
"Why was I able to see my own eyes?!"
"And in the end, we were the gamers."
"I think this is edible. It smells edible."
"There's only one true Bugs Bunny in my mind and it is Mike Matei. That's it. Who get's shit in the mouth on. That's not a proper sentence, but I like it."
"I'm in the dungeon of the castle. Please hlp me--PAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
"I'd be real pissed, if I rescued a body bag."
"Mario, put away the hammer! Please! Oh!"
"Blinking weakens you."
"I swear on The Father, The Son and The Holy Ghost, I do not have a Trollface image in my pictures folder."
"If the game is too good, I'm disappointed. If the game is too bad, I'm disappointed."
"Is it worth it? Is video games worth it?"
"Why am I puking whistles?"
"Computer, generate nude Tayne."
"I think I qualify as an organic lifeform now."
"Splort.avi."
"Mega blando."
"Might have just been, like, a temporary, like, internet fart ... or I just got sued by AC/DC."
"My name: Doom Choot-em."
"Jacked McChestfuck is here to save the day."
"It looks like Yoshi in, like, a boyband with a white vest, that he keeps open, so that he can expose his chest to his adoring fans."
"The eyes remain. Through all this."
"Yeah, feet!"
"Does Sonic have skin?"
"No?!"
"Homerr, it is me, your son Barrt. Barrtuhd. I'm here to eat many pant! Please, Homerr, provide pant."
"Wolcamo to the stream."
"It's not about the fighting. It's about the love."
"No, I'm not coming back to this ever again. I'm deleting this, I'm burning the harddrive it was on and I am, well, I'm calling the police on Games Repainted, frankly."
"I'm-a very wet. I've-a transpired 25% more than usual during this match. Boo, do you want to take a sniff?"
"It was in chat, so it must be true."
"Bojot is de-ad."
"This is an officially licensed Simpsons game. I would know. I licenced it just now."
"Oh my Todd!"
"Even if I go 'oh yeah', that'll get VOD-muted."
"bealtes jerry seinfeld frasier top funny moments free tv watch free online now streaming"
"Thick, milky gobs."
"Fire as many shots into my face as you so choose, but whatever you do, step away from the computer!"
"Hi, I'm William Shatner and this is William Shatner's William Shatner. Welcome to William Shatner. Here on the planet William Shatner, there are people, who you'd call William Shatners and what you do is jack into the system and become a version of William Shatner."
"Nurse, Nurse! I need help! I'm freestyle memeing!"
"You need to eat this last pig."
"You should eat me, too. I don't-- I don't really wanna be on this earth anymore."
"I can see your eyeballs."
"Like it's my problem to make them unbored. Son, go write a book, go run a marathon, wank at a 90 degree angle."
"I'm not your fucking personal jester."
"Five nights at Spaghet's."
"Luckily, I'm not allowed to die."
"Vin, you gotta come to my cousin's club. It's called Stinko's Poopy Bed. Halle Berry was there and Eva."
"Y'ain't even know."
"You move around in what appears to be molasses at the speed of slow. You're hungry, but yet you can't eat yourself and all you can do is complain and scream into a void."
"Eat."
"Time. Time never changes."
"You can change the way you stab."
"Everything is terrible. I don't know how to do this."
"4 G-Men and giant Freeman would be a great start for Half-Life 3."
"The Princess is a permanent guest of the Half-Life mod segment."
"Nostolgia."
"Wait a minute. The noodles are gettinger softer as we go along."
"Metal Mario is made of metal."
"It's just laughing and meat."
"This is a 33-year-old man playing baby games and screaming. Enjoy."
"There's a starman fighting in the ring / He'd like to come and beat us / But he had to tape his thing / To his leg-man, it was getting in the way / He's told you not to blow it cause he knows--"
"I think ... I'm about to ... throw the stream out the window tonight. ... Like a pickle."
"Vappy, please delete the entire stream."
"When I got home I took a nap, but it was, it was weird. Frank Reynolds woke me up."
"You can grab them and then you can, like, merge with them and you can really damage them."
"I don't recommend getting your sex education on Twitch."
"This is probably sex, yeah."
"Oof. That's all you can really say."
"Beam me there, Scottish."
"Hot single hot dogs in your area."
"More, Homie. More seed!"
"Touch horse, hear slurp."
"Touch horse, hear slurp."
"Ma balls was hot."
"Stop! I wanna stop pissing! I don't wanna piss one drop at a time."
"How do I stop pissing?"
"Now the stream will be banned. Stewie impressions are expressly forbidden on Twitch."
"This game is just babies doing push-ups."
"Titanic could've used some fucking wallhacks."
"I'd like to show you my meat."
"You can judge my mood based on my meat."
"Use your brain. You don't need a selfie with the train."
"Of course chat wants to fuck Baldi. I'm not surprised."
"All we can do is use our children to climb out of the pits of Hell."

"I just wanna be an 80's singer, but we don't live in the 80's anymore."
"Who is the bear? Why is the bear?"
"Do not ever look down on 20 bucks, no matter how much money you acquire in life, because one person's 20 Dollars is another person's fortune."
"Let the body system flow."
"That's meat in the spotlight."
"No one should watch this. That's my opinion on my opinions. However, I'm gonna share them."
"Gorfield is de-ad."
"Garfield, it's time to go into the basement with Gorfield."
"I didn't say my streaming was getting better."
"4 rabbit have died since the start of this stream."
"It sounds like I'm in an oily lake of butt."
"I am so confused, chat."
"I have way too many people watching this shit."
"See ya!"
"Santa Claus is not real and Jesus didn't happen."
"Like a tall drink of water."
"Wouldn't it make so much sense to find out that humanity has evolved from fucking Cro-Magnon and Neanderthals just eating magic mushrooms from shit? Doesn't that explain, like, Trump?"
"Blood."
"Apply WD-40 directly to door."
"Put it on my caok!"
"A lone washing machine spooks through the night."
"Homerr, it is me, Bort Simpson. I desire pant. You have not fed in week. Three week, Homerr."
"Half-Life 3: Young G-Man."
"realhauntedmansions.app"
"One full frame a second. It's cutting-egg technology."
"Yabba my icing?"
"Ah! It's a mouth face man!"
"Wearing a diaper, Douglathf?"
"You gonna buy me that beer anytime soon, Barn?"
"Now I can talk to you through my mouth."

"Not right now, mom! Going through my changes, mom! No, it's just Fortnite memes. I don't know. It was like an internet bug. It was a virus. I got porn viruses. They show me Pamela Anderson naked. I don't know what that is, moooo--"
"I enjoy."
"Aren't you glad you're watching Vinesauce instead of sports on a Sunday night?"
"I resent that this dude's name is Vinny."
"Stream."
"Gonna smile at the neighbor."
"Ok! Not impress. Not good enough."
"I can't put teeth in."
"Don't look out the window. You're not going to like what you see."
"If this works, I'll eat one sock live on stream. I'm kidding. I think this will work, so I'm gonna go ahead and retract that statement."
"It's hip to fuck trees!"
"I swear, there's no memes during the week. None. Not a single memes."
"My body is twisting and so am I."
"It's not sexual. It's just piss."
"Tonight, none of us are adults."
"Got some greasy pipage."
"I'm on MySpace again, if anyone's interested in my emo band. Shells Of Angels it's called."
"The floor is ice. This is Bowser's lube room."
"Fuck you, Reznor."
"Let me show you where the secret spot is. ... It's in the Calzone Dungeon."
"Pep secret time."
"Wesley was there from the beginning in Star Trek: The Next Generation. Wesley started the show as a child and then Riker taught him how to lay some Jefferies tubes correctly."
"Now you're getting Zelda 76. I'll tell John Tendo all about this."
"The next Mario game will be called Mario: Let's Go 76 and it will be universally regarded as the next evolution of the Mario series."
"Why is Sonic the slowest piece of shit?"
"Why are we all inside of each other? This is weird."
"I should be asleep."
"Good seed."
"Try, try a couple times and then give up. That's my motto."
"If at first you don't succeed, try maybe, like, once or twice more."
"The society that we live in a."
"I got bounced off the Reznor."
"The Mother 3 waiting room is to the left."
"I just wanna show you the birds I'm talking about. Here at the Calzone Dome."
"I love playing me some streamer bait."
"Be sure to use your other hand for stability."
"This is your life, as well as mine."
"Some casual lizard fun."
"Sorry, but you don't have enough money to play the Ocarina with me."
"You can stop the baby with a hammer."
"Available today: The Legend of Zelda: Earth of the Child."
"Did you know that 2017 was this year?"
"Harrison Ford changing the scoreboard."
"Questionable music choices."
"Maybe I'm amazed by the way this game makes no sense."
"Lakitu, why?"
"Fruit!"
"Usually you have to start with integrity and then, like, slide down the ladder of integrity. Well, you wouldn't slide down a ladder. You could. It hurt."
"Link, you were the Ocarina Of Time. This whole time."
"I'm not gonna finish that. You'll have to finish it in your head!"
"All the best directors are named Jim, like Jim Jim Abrams."
"A!"
"I'm starving. Here, have this Bombchu."
"It's been a few days since Full Sauce has been updated. So, you know, job's gone!"
"Is this thing not supposed to infinitely wiggle?"
"Yabadabadoo."

"Give me your pets."
"Shaggy smoked himself self-aware."
"A paycheck is a paycheck, when you live in a mansion."
"All those moments will be lost like lobsters in the rain."
"I'm too busy observing my spine observing me."
"Look at he eat."
"I can't spin."
"I don't know what else to do other than Sonic voice. I can't help it."
"That's just for bonus or is that for shits and giggle? Bonus or shit and giggle."
"Fuck off!"
"This looks like GoldenEye. That's not a compliment."
"Safe! Fun! Dead."
"When you don't have a schedule, nothing is late."
"Scrung."
"Yes."
"This turned into a Sega snuff film."
"I got the Kid's Choice Award."
"Why does my head not have a shadow?"
"Meat kills Vinesauce."
"Usually the goal of a birthday party isn't for you to become the piñata."
"Wow, cabbage is too big for me."
"I've dreamed about being this massive."
"I've 3 minutes. I wanna make this thing fucking huge."
"Me saying things makes perfect sense, when I say them and then I have to replay what I said and it's, like, if I wasn't playing a video game, I would be fucking ... You know. Well, I would be fucking."
"The natural sight, the beauty that is Newark."
"How about that, Christians? Hmm? The universe is a multi-colored condom."
"I have a lot of problems with Alphabet Soup."
"E. A. Fish. It's in the name."
"What is this music? Why do I feel like I'm in hell? Oh, It's Sunday. I am."
"Cookie."
"Congratulations. We've just seen reindeer tits on Christmas."
"Peak meat."
"It's a buff cow in a Speedo."
"Merry Cbristmas."
"I got it. ... Oh, fuck!"
"Pizza time."
"Pizza t--."
"Pizza hell."
"I just don't understand why pizza is so good, though. I don't get it. It really is the perfect food and it's a vegetable."
"Are you May Payne? You look like you're in max pain."
"I would call the cops, if all these memes were outside my house."
"Eat butts."
"Mom, I swear I'm asleep!"
"I'm really beginning to have questions about my streaming style."

"I believe there's a glitch in the Binyot."
"I am just supposed to be a disembodied voice, that lives in the internet and not, like, an actual human being."
"I guess for the occasion I wanna dress properly - the fish-flesh suit."